
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.413311                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                413311471500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               413311471500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 320750                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   320750                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              216651718                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 298932                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1907.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   611901617                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     611901617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            170944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24150272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24321216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       170944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          170944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18724096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18724096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             377348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                380019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          292564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               292564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               413596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             58431168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                58844764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          413596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             413596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          45302628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               45302628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          45302628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              413596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            58431168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              104147392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        380019                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       292564                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      380019                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     292564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24298816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     22400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18722432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24321216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18724096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               23743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               23222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               23516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               23675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               23980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               23949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              22747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              24425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              22797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              22474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               17756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               17433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               17901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               18770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               19442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               18680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               18573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               18834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              19126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              17963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              18227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              18693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    413311383000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  380019                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 292564                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    378271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     7455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    16940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       142426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      302.052266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     179.083619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     324.600685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          51194     35.94%     35.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38668     27.15%     63.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13205      9.27%     72.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8199      5.76%     78.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5653      3.97%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3753      2.64%     84.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3030      2.13%     86.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2604      1.83%     88.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16120     11.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         142426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        21.998378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      228.944233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17248     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            5      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.950863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.879940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.817078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17053     98.81%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             148      0.86%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              32      0.19%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31               8      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               6      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               2      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::212-215             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-243             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     4042656250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11161450000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1898345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10647.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29397.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          58.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          45.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       58.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       45.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        20.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     314442                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    215335                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       614513.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  549347400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  299743125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1495252200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                953162640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            26995381920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            62649847125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           193029983250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             285972717660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              691.908567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   320566103500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     13801320000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     78943046000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  527378040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  287755875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1466010000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                942483600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            26995381920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            59502215925                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           195791063250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             285512288610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              690.794563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   325183887500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     13801320000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     74324788750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               124207419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          87899229                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           6403012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             71682632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                67406446                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             94.034558                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                15055625                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1126618                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    149439695                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     564071                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                150003766                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    57327469                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     66798                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                57394267                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    206767164                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     630869                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                207398033                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   226566802                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        48                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               226566850                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  485                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        826622943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   611901617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     611901617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      13262321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.350908                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.740243                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                       740977624                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        85645319                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2535493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4087.640549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           202664153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2539589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             79.801949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1642835250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4087.640549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         414772189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        414772189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    146997943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       146997943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     55666210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       55666210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     202664153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        202664153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    202664153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       202664153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1908323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1908323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1543824                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1543824                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3452147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3452147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3452147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3452147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37798959500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37798959500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  48016494500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  48016494500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  85815454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  85815454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  85815454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  85815454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    148906266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    148906266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     57210034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     57210034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    206116300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206116300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    206116300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206116300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19807.422276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19807.422276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31102.311209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31102.311209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24858.574678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24858.574678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24858.574678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24858.574678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2340079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2340079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       143534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       143534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       769024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       769024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       912558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       912558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       912558                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       912558                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1764789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1764789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       774800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       774800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2539589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2539589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2539589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2539589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32332751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32332751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23008045000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23008045000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55340796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55340796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55340796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55340796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18321.029313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18321.029313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29695.463345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29695.463345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21791.241024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21791.241024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21791.241024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21791.241024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3154                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1117.871500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           226561819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          45466.951435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1117.871500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.545836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.545836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.893066                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         453138587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        453138587                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    226561819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       226561819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     226561819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        226561819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    226561819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       226561819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    247079500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247079500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    247079500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    247079500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    247079500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    247079500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    226566802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    226566802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    226566802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    226566802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    226566802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    226566802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49584.487257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49584.487257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49584.487257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49584.487257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49584.487257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49584.487257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    238501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    238501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    238501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47862.933976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47862.933976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47862.933976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47862.933976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47862.933976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47862.933976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           347308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29502.914302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3711163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           379732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             9.773111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     189708414000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 21415.422329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   178.366863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  7909.125111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.653547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.241367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989502                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         40235078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        40235078                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         2312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1590725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1593037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2340079                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2340079                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       571516                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       571516                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         2312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2162241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2164553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         2312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2162241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2164553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       170726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       173397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       206622                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206622                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       377348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        380019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       377348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       380019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    209227500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  13799563750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14008791250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16275084500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16275084500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    209227500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  30074648250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30283875750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    209227500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  30074648250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30283875750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         4983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1761451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1766434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2340079                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2340079                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       778138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       778138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         4983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2539589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2544572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         4983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2539589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2544572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.536022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.096924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.265534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.265534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.536022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.536022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78333.021340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80828.718239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80790.274630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78767.432800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78767.432800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78333.021340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79700.033523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79690.425347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78333.021340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79700.033523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79690.425347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       292564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           292564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       170726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       206622                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206622                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       377348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       380019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       377348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       380019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    175804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11663055250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11838859750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13690980000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13690980000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    175804500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25354035250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25529839750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    175804500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25354035250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25529839750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.536022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.096924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.265534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.536022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.536022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65819.730438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68314.464405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68276.035629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66260.998345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66260.998345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65819.730438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67190.061296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67180.429794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65819.730438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67190.061296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67180.429794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        1766434                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1766434                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2340079                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       778138                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       778138                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         9966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7419257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           7429223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       318912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    312298752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          312617664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      4884651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            4884651    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        4884651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4782404500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       8026500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3891673000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              173397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             173397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            292564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1052602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1052602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43045312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43045312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            672583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  672583    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              672583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1984973000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2011061250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
