
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.561049                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                561048999000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               561048999000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 327042                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   327042                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              197554566                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 305844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2839.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   928789150                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            186944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          18470400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             18657344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       186944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          186944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             288600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                291521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               333204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             32921189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                33254393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          333204                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             333204                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7606665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7606665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7606665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              333204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            32921189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               40861059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        291521                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        66683                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      291521                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      66683                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 18639104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     18240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4266496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  18657344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4267712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      285                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               17937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               18285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               18301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               18253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               18247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               18325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               18297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               18227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               18224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              18215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              18384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              18260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              18042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              17980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              18099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    561048916000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  291521                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66683                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    290732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       105209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      217.703657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     140.847395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     266.018983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          39852     37.88%     37.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43676     41.51%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8737      8.30%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          846      0.80%     88.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1608      1.53%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1088      1.03%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          546      0.52%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          586      0.56%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8270      7.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         105209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        71.193764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       36.202156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      784.629260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           4034     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            5      0.12%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.496907                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.475096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.865198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               3038     75.18%     75.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18               1001     24.77%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                  2      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2859634000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                8320309000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1456180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9818.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28568.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          33.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       33.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        7.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     202235                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     50448                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   69.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1566283.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      70.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  396718560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  216463500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1137021600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                216438480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            36644799360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           109036341675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           240981860250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             388629643425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              692.687306                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   400213963500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     18734560000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    142097780250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  398601000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  217490625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1134307200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                215544240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            36644799360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           109322809425                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           240730572750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             388664124600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              692.748765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   399791677000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     18734560000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    142520871000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               125749073                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          81144364                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          12157127                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            103970968                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                83513050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             80.323432                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                18691036                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               9451                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    237538495                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     198467                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                237736962                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    98305062                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      7206                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                98312268                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    335843557                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     205673                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                336049230                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   316986664                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       120                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               316986784                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   37                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1122097998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   928789150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      30863568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.208130                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.827726                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                      1059712720                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        62385278                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            776532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4092.688853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           322867255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            780628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            413.599378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         907886250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4092.688853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1642                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         648213290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        648213290                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224703202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224703202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     98164053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       98164053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     322867255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        322867255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    322867255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       322867255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       711929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        711929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       137147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       849076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         849076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       849076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        849076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24858122500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24858122500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10112031250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10112031250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  34970153750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34970153750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  34970153750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34970153750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225415131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225415131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    323716331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    323716331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    323716331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    323716331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34916.575248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34916.575248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73731.333897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73731.333897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41186.129098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41186.129098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41186.129098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41186.129098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        91489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             91489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        68136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        68448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        68448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       711617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       780628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       780628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23712269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23712269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5006644750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5006644750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28718913750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28718913750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28718913750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28718913750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33321.673035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33321.673035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72548.503137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72548.503137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36789.499928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36789.499928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36789.499928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36789.499928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             10608                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1686.311703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           316974313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             12350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          25665.936275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1686.311703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.823394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.823394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1742                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1572                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.850586                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         633985678                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        633985678                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    316974313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       316974313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     316974313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        316974313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    316974313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       316974313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         12351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    355440500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    355440500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    355440500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    355440500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    355440500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    355440500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    316986664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    316986664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    316986664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    316986664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    316986664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    316986664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28778.277063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28778.277063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28778.277063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28778.277063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28778.277063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28778.277063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    335642500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    335642500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    335642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    335642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27175.329933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27175.329933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27175.329933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27175.329933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27175.329933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27175.329933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           258742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        32592.002895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             523848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           291478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.797213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2882.733111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    84.797304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 29624.472480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.904067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2658                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          7436233                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         7436233                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         9429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       489662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         499091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks        91489                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total        91489                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         9429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       492028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          501457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         9429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       492028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         501457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       221955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       224877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       288600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        291522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       288600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       291522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    224288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17859188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18083476000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4912763250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4912763250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    224288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  22771951250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22996239250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    224288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  22771951250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22996239250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       711617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       723968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        91489                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total        91489                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       780628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       792979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       780628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       792979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.310617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.367629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.367629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76758.384668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80463.102881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80414.964625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73715.406257                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73715.406257                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76758.384668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78904.889986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78883.375011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76758.384668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78904.889986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78883.375011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       221955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       288600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       291522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       288600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       291522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    187662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15084314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15271976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4079380750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4079380750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    187662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19163694750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19351356750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    187662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19163694750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19351356750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64223.819302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67961.136266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67912.574430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61210.604697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61210.604697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64223.819302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66402.268711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66380.433552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64223.819302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66402.268711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66380.433552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         723968                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        723967                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback        91489                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        24701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1652745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           1677446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       790400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     55815488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           56605888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       884468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             884468    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         884468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      533723000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      19161500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1222147750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              224876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             224876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             66683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       649725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 649725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     22925056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22925056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            358204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  358204    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              358204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           732288500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1552393250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
