
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.062108                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62108139000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                62108139000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114338                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   201331                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44948395                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 455560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1381.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   157988547                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     278192464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1886080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1951040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        13952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             13952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              29470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1045918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             30367679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                31413596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1045918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1045918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            224640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 224640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            224640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1045918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            30367679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               31638237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         30485                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                          218                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       30485                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                        218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  1943936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     12736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   1951040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                  13952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                2065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                2030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                2028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                1903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                1964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               1804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               1795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               1800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               1819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                  14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                  89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                  33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                  21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                  13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                  13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     62107943500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   30485                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    218                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         2733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      715.170143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     514.587482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     389.057467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127            358     13.10%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255          248      9.07%     22.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383          120      4.39%     26.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          119      4.35%     30.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          123      4.50%     35.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767           99      3.62%     39.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895           98      3.59%     42.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           77      2.82%     45.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1491     54.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           2733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples            11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean      2756.545455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       17.211839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9104.288367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023             10     90.91%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total              11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples            11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        18.090909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.068275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.943880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16                  1      9.09%      9.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                  8     72.73%     81.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                  1      9.09%     90.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                  1      9.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total              11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      137229500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 706742000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    151870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        4517.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23267.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          31.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       31.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      27693                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       139                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  63.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2022862.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      90.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   10893960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                    5944125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 122226000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                  1134000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             4056274560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             2882954835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            34733126250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              41812553730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              673.273290                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    57766447750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      2073760000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      2264083750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                    9699480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                    5292375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 114270000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                    51840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             4056274560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             3028786200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            34605195750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              41819570205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              673.386420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    57553191500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      2073760000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      2477594500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                37389273                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          37389273                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            796060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             21398380                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                21281300                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.452856                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5538224                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               5409                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  444                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        124216279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           28231712                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      201414270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    37389273                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           26819524                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      95072949                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1663625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         13794                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           15                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  27828273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                190340                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          124151097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.859474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.368729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 63239379     50.94%     50.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  3665567      2.95%     53.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  3524262      2.84%     56.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  5966051      4.81%     61.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  7629037      6.14%     67.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  5460577      4.40%     72.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  3340077      2.69%     74.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  2074079      1.67%     76.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 29252068     23.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            124151097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.301001                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.621480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 13268959                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              63731322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  36520631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               9798373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 831812                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              334996047                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 831812                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 18591577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 8853243                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          16711                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  40784813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              55072941                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              328614087                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  2150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 765426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               48317500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                4996682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           330544508                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             872885571                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        537662987                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               823                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             279212747                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 51331761                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            491                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  66256508                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            106310670                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            36525048                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          49788623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          8449867                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  325445308                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1768                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 307970327                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             51339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        47254612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68858955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1323                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     124151097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.480609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.128122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            30600533     24.65%     24.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            19593175     15.78%     40.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            16755552     13.50%     53.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            17045170     13.73%     67.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            15962727     12.86%     80.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            12649852     10.19%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             5781799      4.66%     95.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             4158736      3.35%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             1603553      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       124151097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  316480      7.51%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      7.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                3709774     87.98%     95.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                190338      4.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             33340      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             175386232     56.95%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                11196      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   347      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  45      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             98505322     31.99%     88.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            34033845     11.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              307970327                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.479307                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     4216592                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.013692                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          744358969                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         372741153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    305973250                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 713                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               1268                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          215                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              312153240                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     339                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         58265174                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     15531285                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        58585                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        41983                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      5085296                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3668                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        124310                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 831812                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 5699246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               3054980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           325447076                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            123578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             106310670                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             36525048                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                476                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   2754                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3058247                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          41983                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         401587                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       444043                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               845630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             306900581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              98149248                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1069746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    131968833                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 31535132                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   33819585                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.470695                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      306301702                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     305973465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 231572201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 336082865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.463232                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.689033                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        47355755                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            796864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    117707358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.363425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.086682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     53343112     45.32%     45.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15934290     13.54%     58.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11043478      9.38%     68.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8763951      7.45%     75.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1880549      1.60%     77.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1728612      1.47%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       852753      0.72%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       687313      0.58%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23473300     19.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    117707358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            157988547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              278192464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      122219137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      90779385                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   29309705                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                         40                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 278169481                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              4237596                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        16695      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        155945353     56.06%     56.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           10938      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              329      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             12      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        90779385     32.63%     88.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       31439752     11.30%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         278192464                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              23473300                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    419782277                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   657549499                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             568                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           65182                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   157988547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     278192464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.786236                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.786236                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.271883                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.271883                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                493639930                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               240886983                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       187                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      111                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 107695799                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 64567771                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               196286158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2072438                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4067.873358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            68418587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2076534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             32.948455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       19755616250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4067.873358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         144472022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        144472022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     37072750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        37072750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     31345837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       31345837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      68418587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         68418587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     68418587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        68418587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2685242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2685242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        93915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        93915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2779157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2779157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2779157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2779157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  32132974500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32132974500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2979596244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2979596244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  35112570744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35112570744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  35112570744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35112570744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     39757992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39757992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     71197744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     71197744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     71197744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     71197744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002987                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 11966.509722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11966.509722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31726.521259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31726.521259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12634.252309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12634.252309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12634.252309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12634.252309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       199012                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             39951                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.981402                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2066723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2066723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       690734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       690734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        11889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        11889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       702623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       702623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       702623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       702623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1994508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1994508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2076534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2076534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23036962750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23036962750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2767409747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2767409747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25804372497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25804372497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25804372497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25804372497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11550.198219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11550.198219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33738.201875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33738.201875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12426.655425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12426.655425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12426.655425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12426.655425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                61                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           828.295860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            27826925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          26964.074612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   828.295860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.404441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.404441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          873                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.474121                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          55657578                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         55657578                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     27826925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        27826925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      27826925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         27826925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     27826925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        27826925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    101838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    101838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    101838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     27828273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27828273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     27828273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     27828273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     27828273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     27828273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75547.477745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75547.477745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75547.477745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75547.477745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75547.477745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75547.477745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          460                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     79628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     79628000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79628000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     79628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77158.914729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77158.914729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77158.914729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77158.914729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77158.914729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77158.914729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements              538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        20666.246528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            4029584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            30468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs           132.256269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 19735.717882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   681.212002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   249.316644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.602286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.020789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.630684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        29930                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27603                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.913391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         33266846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        33266846                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1994001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1994018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2066723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2066723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        53063                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        53063                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2047064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2047081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2047064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2047081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        29003                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        29003                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        29470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         30485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        29470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        30485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78409250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     34652250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113061500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2128130000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2128130000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78409250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2162782250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2241191500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78409250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2162782250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2241191500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1994468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1995500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2066723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2066723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        82066                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        82066                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2076534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2077566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2076534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2077566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.353411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.353411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77250.492611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74201.820128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76289.811066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73376.202462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73376.202462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77250.492611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73389.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73517.844842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77250.492611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73389.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73517.844842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total              218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        29003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65734750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     28861750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94596500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1765566500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1765566500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65734750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1794428250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65734750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1794428250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.353411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64763.300493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61802.462527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63830.296896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60875.306003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60875.306003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64763.300493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60889.998303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61018.960144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64763.300493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60889.998303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61018.960144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        1995500                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1995500                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2066723                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        82066                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        82066                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         2064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      6219791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6221855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        66048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    265168448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          265234496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      4144289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            4144289    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        4144289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4138867500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1740500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3121586499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             29003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            29003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        61188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total        61188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  61188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1964992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1964992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1964992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             30703                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   30703    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               30703                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            42842500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          160650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
