
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000790                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   789792500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  789792500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                              129975147                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 221936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 78179                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 78681                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 79146                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 76465                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 76157                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 75918                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 79229                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 81414                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               625189                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       393152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5414                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5436                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5494                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5519                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5358                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5458                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5447                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5462                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            436740                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  11021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  11082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  11015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5414                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5436                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5358                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5458                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5462                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                49731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                 98986759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                 99622369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                100211131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                 96816569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                 96426593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                 96123982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                100316222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                103082772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               791586398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         497791509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                 6854965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                 6882820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                 6956257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                 6987911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                 6784060                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                 6910676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                 6896748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                 6915741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              552980688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         497791509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               105841724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               106505190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               107167389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               103804480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               103210653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               103034658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               107212970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               109998512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1344567086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99211                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54990                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22470                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.865816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.583253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      393.865816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.769269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.769269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337265                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           24030                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24030                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0   1097985534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1097985534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0   1003527320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1003527320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   2101512854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2101512854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   2101512854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2101512854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          44961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.808857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.861166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.861166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 30191.809443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30191.809443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 41761.436538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41761.436538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 34794.987400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34794.987400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 34794.987400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34794.987400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1144726                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61078                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.742035                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        24030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15372                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15372                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1042449014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042449014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    966947420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    966947420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   2009396434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2009396434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   2009396434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2009396434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    778948863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    778948863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   2127994240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2127994240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   2906943103                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2906943103                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.808857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 28664.696401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28664.696401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 40239.176862                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40239.176862                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 33269.805355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33269.805355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 33269.805355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33269.805355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 78239.138509                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78239.138509                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 392908.833087                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 392908.833087                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 189106.368918                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 189106.368918                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55318                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.980771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.602588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      393.980771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.769494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.769494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1   1108002821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1108002821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    993849096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    993849096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   2101851917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2101851917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   2101851917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2101851917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         24998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.804412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.804412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.957277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.957277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.858677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.858677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 30324.670781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30324.670781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 41531.512578                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41531.512578                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 34759.739317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34759.739317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 34759.739317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34759.739317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1147241                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.676190                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9780                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9780                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1        10010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1052180887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1052180887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    957433148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    957433148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   2009614035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2009614035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   2009614035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2009614035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    780874824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    780874824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   2141613646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2141613646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   2922488470                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2922488470                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.804412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.957277                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957277                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.858677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.858677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 28796.893289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28796.893289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 40009.742917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40009.742917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 33234.339403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33234.339403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 33234.339403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33234.339403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 78009.472927                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78009.472927                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 393823.767194                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 393823.767194                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 189182.319394                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 189182.319394                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99906                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55186                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.168243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.585605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      394.168243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.769860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.769860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338029                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           24000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2   1106428919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1106428919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2   1000960978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1000960978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   2107389897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2107389897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   2107389897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2107389897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.808267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.955262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.860807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.860807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 30307.308708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30307.308708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 41706.707417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41706.707417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 34828.861074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34828.861074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 34828.861074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34828.861074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1143492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61259                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.666514                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        24000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15395                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15395                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1050702877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050702877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    964435030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    964435030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   2015137907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2015137907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   2015137907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2015137907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    774345338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    774345338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   2129438676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2129438676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   2903784014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2903784014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.808267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.955262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.860807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.860807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 28780.860575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28780.860575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 40184.792917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40184.792917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 33304.211199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33304.211199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 33304.211199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33304.211199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 78224.602283                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78224.602283                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 387452.451965                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 387452.451965                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 188618.643326                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 188618.643326                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99687                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54914                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.486423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.584938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      394.486423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.770481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          351                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337490                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337490                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3   1101223942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1101223942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    999641040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    999641040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   2100864982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2100864982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   2100864982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2100864982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.805725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.956395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.859435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.859435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 30259.224082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30259.224082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 41775.295248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41775.295248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 34827.508736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34827.508736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 34827.508736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34827.508736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1140042                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               60968                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.699022                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15428                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15428                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1045674368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045674368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    963227618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    963227618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   2008901986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2008901986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   2008901986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2008901986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    776644993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    776644993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   2134037166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2134037166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   2910682159                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2910682159                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.805725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.956395                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956395                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.859435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.859435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 28732.843349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28732.843349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 40253.567554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40253.567554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 33302.973807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33302.973807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 33302.973807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33302.973807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 78401.473148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78401.473148                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 386460.913799                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 386460.913799                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 188662.312613                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 188662.312613                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99646                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55076                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.666578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.587243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      394.666578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.770833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338590                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4   1108449638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1108449638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    999797609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    999797609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   2108247247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2108247247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   2108247247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2108247247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.808491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.860184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.860184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 30238.416619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30238.416619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 41801.053976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41801.053976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 34803.916583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34803.916583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 34803.916583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34803.916583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1151337                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61602                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.689929                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1052462662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1052462662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    963409159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    963409159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   2015871821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2015871821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   2015871821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2015871821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    780487806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    780487806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   2113182760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2113182760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   2893670566                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2893670566                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.808491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953630                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953630                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.860184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.860184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 28711.096435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28711.096435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 40279.670499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40279.670499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 33278.940504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33278.940504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 33278.940504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33278.940504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 78189.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78189.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 394250.514925                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 394250.514925                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 188611.039369                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 188611.039369                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99659                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          54989                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.762821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.587873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      392.762821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.767115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.728516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5   1106472248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1106472248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    994607245                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    994607245                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   2101079493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2101079493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   2101079493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2101079493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         24970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.808727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.954505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.860523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.860523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 30197.654212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30197.654212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 41730.605228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41730.605228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 34742.943249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34742.943249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 34742.943249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34742.943249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1144155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.698093                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15394                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15394                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1050521774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050521774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    958365245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958365245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   2008887019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2008887019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   2008887019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2008887019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    778256892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    778256892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   2141596587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2141596587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   2919853479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2919853479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.808727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.954505                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954505                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 28670.663301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28670.663301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 40210.004405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40210.004405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 33218.470757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33218.470757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 33218.470757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33218.470757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 78342.751359                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78342.751359                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 392233.807143                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 392233.807143                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 189674.774523                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 189674.774523                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99691                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55108                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.732703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.590234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      394.732703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.770962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23944                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23944                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6   1115774950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1115774950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    994580574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    994580574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   2110355524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2110355524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   2110355524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2110355524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         25088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.806180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.954401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.858909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.858909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 30462.349842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30462.349842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 41537.778734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41537.778734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 34840.446477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34840.446477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 34840.446477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34840.446477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1141787                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61213                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.652688                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15239                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15239                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1059827480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059827480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    958175570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958175570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   2018003050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018003050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   2018003050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018003050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    767222409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    767222409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   2138123651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2138123651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   2905346060                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2905346060                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.806180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.954401                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954401                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.858909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.858909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 28934.898984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28934.898984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 40017.355914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40017.355914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 33315.773790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33315.773790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 33315.773790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33315.773790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 78367.968233                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78367.968233                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 392388.264085                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 392388.264085                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 190652.015224                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 190652.015224                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99881                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55258                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.773487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.585223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      394.773487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.771042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.771042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338728                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338728                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7   1106293724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1106293724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7   1002572296                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1002572296                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   2108866020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2108866020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   2108866020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2108866020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.808015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.955612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.860603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.860603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 30196.078391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30196.078391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 41803.456448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41803.456448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 34788.288024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34788.288024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 34788.288024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34788.288024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1141532                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61288                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.625702                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15327                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15327                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1050368666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050368666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    966121280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    966121280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   2016489946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2016489946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   2016489946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2016489946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    770060879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    770060879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   2135523645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2135523645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   2905584524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2905584524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.808015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.955612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.860603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.860603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 28669.614488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28669.614488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 40283.587541                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40283.587541                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 33264.433289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33264.433289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 33264.433289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33264.433289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 78083.642162                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78083.642162                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 390763.704483                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 390763.704483                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 189572.944738                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 189572.944738                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    12865                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  778.482244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     150454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    13664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    11.010978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     726.215945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             5.941011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             6.607450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             6.516565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             6.767835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.065793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             6.555833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             6.650782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             7.161030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.709195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.005802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.006453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.006364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.006609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.005924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.006402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.006495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.760237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          529                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.780273                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  1961721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 1961721                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0                   10688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1                   10718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2                   10681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3                   10576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4                   10796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5                   10643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6                   10745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7                   10600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  85447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           75954                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                75954                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  258                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  259                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  265                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  289                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  276                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2192                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1720                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1745                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1690                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1740                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1809                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1751                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1779                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1766                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                14000                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                   99447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12463                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12524                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                  99447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0                   632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1                   687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2                   691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3                   653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4                   659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5                   669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6                   680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7                   698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 5369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               2017                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2027                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2036                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2040                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               2009                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               1982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1969                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               2002                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16082                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4591                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4534                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4582                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4587                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4700                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              36735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 42104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5273                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                42104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0        38166948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1        42177940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2        42464442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3        39958937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4        39824446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5        41404446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6        41598942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7        42493439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      328089540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     61064999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     62048000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     62761500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     61788499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     56942000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     59642500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     57848496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     59492999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    481588993                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     251503956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     247640970                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     250450295                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     250803462                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     252427455                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     254173970                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     245128968                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     257532451                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2009661527                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        289670904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        289818910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        292914737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        290762399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        292251901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        295578416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        286727910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        300025890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2337751067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       289670904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       289818910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       292914737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       290762399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       292251901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       295578416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       286727910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       300025890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2337751067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0               11320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1               11405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2               11372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3               11229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4               11455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5               11312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6               11425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7               11298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total              90816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        75954                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            75954                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2275                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2310                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2295                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2305                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2265                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2248                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2278                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18274                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6411                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6466                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            50735                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              141551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             141551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0           0.055830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1           0.060237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2           0.060763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3           0.058153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4           0.057529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5           0.059141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6           0.059519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7           0.061781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.059120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.886593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.877489                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.887146                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.885033                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.874238                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.875055                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.875890                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.878841                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.880048                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.727460                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.722090                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.730548                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.724988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.717829                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.726705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.715905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.726879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.724056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.296240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.295239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.298855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.298473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.294470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.300525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.291909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.303873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.297448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.296240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.295239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.298855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.298473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.294470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.300525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.291909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.303873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.297448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 60390.740506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 61394.381368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 61453.606368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 61192.859112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 60431.632777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 61890.053812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 61174.914706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 60878.852436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61108.128143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 30275.160635                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 30610.754810                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 30825.884086                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 30288.479902                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 28343.454455                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 30092.078708                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 29379.632301                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 29716.782717                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29945.839634                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 54781.955130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 54618.652404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 54659.601702                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 54677.013734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 54851.685137                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 54590.629296                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 54679.671648                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54794.138511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54706.996788                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55460.636416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55510.229841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55549.921676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55489.007443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55550.636951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55507.683756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55535.136549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55580.935532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55523.253539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55460.636416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55510.229841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55549.921676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55489.007443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55550.636951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55507.683756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55535.136549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55580.935532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55523.253539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              8422                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     1138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7.400703                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6144                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6144                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                  3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                  3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                  5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu2               2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu4               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu6               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              23                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                  7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                  6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                  8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                  8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                  8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0              628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1              680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2              688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3              646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4              652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5              666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6              676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7              693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          2017                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2027                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2034                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2040                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          2008                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          1982                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1968                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          2002                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16078                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4586                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4651                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4482                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            42041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           42041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1        10009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        79337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15370                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15445                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15392                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15340                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15392                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15324                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       122926                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     30458949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     33700940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     34051940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     31884439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     31746444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     33289946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     33296940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     33931439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262361037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     84760496                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     85183996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     85374489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     85565499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     84458998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     83295996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     82516991                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     84106992                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    675263457                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    195759954                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    192669961                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    194828295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    195239452                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    196619949                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    197755466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    190831957                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    200614450                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564319484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    226218903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    226370901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    228880235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    227123891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    228366393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    231045412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    224128897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    234545889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1826680521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    226218903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    226370901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    228880235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    227123891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    228366393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    231045412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    224128897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    234545889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1826680521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    420391962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    422439462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    417792957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    418505281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    421118468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    419294453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    413123964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    416090788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3348757335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    237106474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    237782975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    241705476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    241076980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    235943478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    241042480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    238750464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    240064477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1913472804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    657498436                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    660222437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    659498433                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    659582261                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    657061946                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    660336933                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    651874428                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    656155265                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5262230139                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.055477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.059623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.060499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.057530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.056918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.058876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.059168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.061338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.886593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.877489                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.886275                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.885033                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.873803                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.875055                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.875445                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.878841                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879829                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.726985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.721452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.730070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.724830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.717361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.725925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.715746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.726415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.295843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.294617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.298515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.298018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.293910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.300073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.291627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.303423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.297002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.295843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.294617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.298515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.298018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.293910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.300073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.291627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.303423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 48501.511146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 49560.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 49494.098837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 49356.716718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 48690.865031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 49984.903904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 49255.828402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 48963.115440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49232.696003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42023.052058                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42024.665022                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 41973.691740                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 41943.872059                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42061.253984                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42026.234107                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 41929.365346                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42011.484515                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41999.219866                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42667.819093                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42532.000221                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42548.219043                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42572.928914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42752.761252                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42518.913352                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42577.411200                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42711.187992                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42610.576487                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43370.188459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43449.309213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43455.522119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43410.529625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43490.076747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43454.092910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43452.674874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43515.007236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43449.977903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43370.188459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43449.309213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43455.522119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43410.529625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43490.076747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43454.092910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43452.674874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43515.007236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43449.977903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 42224.986139                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 42205.960835                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 42209.836027                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 42247.656067                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 42187.784813                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 42208.018220                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 42198.566292                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 42191.319002                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 42209.276063                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 43795.063539                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 43742.269132                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 43994.444121                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 43681.279217                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 44035.736842                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 44163.151337                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 43823.506608                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 43951.753387                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 43898.066118                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 42778.037476                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 42746.677695                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 42846.831666                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 42760.600389                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 42833.242894                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 42901.308017                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 42779.526710                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 42818.798290                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 42808.113328                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        252480                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       249408                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               84654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            60492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           49595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             50638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       426554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 426554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1061863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1061863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            58325                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            252480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  252480    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              252480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           472884580                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              59.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          313892142                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             39.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       684630                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       383351                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       298207                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             371695                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            371689                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43589                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43585                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            75954                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29169                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29167                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162397                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162391                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                965538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1756616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1750933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1748576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1754368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1762730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1756512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1757509                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1755676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14042920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          324098                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           684630                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.384232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.250303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 176832     25.83%     25.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 250927     36.65%     62.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 141295     20.64%     83.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  69195     10.11%     93.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  30377      4.44%     97.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                  11672      1.70%     99.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                   3607      0.53%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                    725      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             684630                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          782327755                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             99.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         100591456                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            12.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         100721944                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            12.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         100768962                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            12.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         100555978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            12.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         100847968                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            12.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         100723976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            12.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         100740497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            12.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         100846524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            12.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
