
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059732                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59731559000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                59731559000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 330143                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   330143                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              222980587                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 304704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   267.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88438073                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            516416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10147392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10663808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       516416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          516416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7298880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7298880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               8069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                166622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              8645614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            169883261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               178528874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         8645614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            8645614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         122194701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              122194701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         122194701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             8645614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           169883261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              300723576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        166622                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       114045                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      166622                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     114045                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10663168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7297280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10663808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7298880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               10463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               10430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                9849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              10259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     59731532000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  166622                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 114045                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    165035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        54759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      327.975602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     194.612520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     331.469121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          19499     35.61%     35.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11959     21.84%     57.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5687     10.39%     67.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3574      6.53%     74.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2717      4.96%     79.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2083      3.80%     83.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1679      3.07%     86.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1528      2.79%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6033     11.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          54759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.742625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      348.245058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           7015     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.249109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.233383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.749815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               6248     89.04%     89.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 18      0.26%     89.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                569      8.11%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                155      2.21%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 21      0.30%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  2      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  2      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1993187750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5117162750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    833060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11963.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30713.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         178.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         122.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      178.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                      122.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     144646                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     81220                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       212819.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  199621800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  108920625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 642564000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                367681680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             3901163760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            12761553015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            24642806250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              42624311130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              713.633365                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    40844346250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1994460000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     16889792000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  214235280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  116894250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 656728800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                370960560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             3901163760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            13264546950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            24201582750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              42726112350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              715.337777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    40104532750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      1994460000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     17629849250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14669488                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9491497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            392361                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             10408467                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6389552                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             61.388022                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1708748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              85394                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20569996                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      97344                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            10                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20667340                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14665866                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      9405                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14675271                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35235862                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     106749                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            10                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35342611                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    25629903                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5247                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                25635150                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        119463118                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88438073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1109771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.350811                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.740296                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                        91541167                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        27921951                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            200768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4070.577182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            34616116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            204864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            168.971200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         693853250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4070.577182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          679                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70176158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70176158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20282855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20282855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     14333261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       14333261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      34616116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34616116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     34616116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34616116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        89415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         89415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       280116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       280116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       369531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         369531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       369531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        369531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4791422750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4791422750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21873540250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21873540250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  26664963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26664963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  26664963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26664963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20372270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20372270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34985647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34985647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34985647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34985647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53586.341777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53586.341777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78087.436098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78087.436098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72158.933892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72158.933892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72158.933892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72158.933892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        28116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        28116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       136551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       136551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        61299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2648121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2648121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10930365250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10930365250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13578486750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13578486750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13578486750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13578486750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43200.076673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43200.076673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76135.306307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76135.306307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66280.492180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66280.492180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66280.492180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66280.492180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            152979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1932.259039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            25474875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            155027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            164.325408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       42450985250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1932.259039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.943486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          51414833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         51414833                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25474875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25474875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25474875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25474875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25474875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25474875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       155028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        155028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       155028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         155028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       155028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        155028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2574589242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2574589242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2574589242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2574589242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2574589242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2574589242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25629903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25629903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25629903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25629903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25629903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25629903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16607.253154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16607.253154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16607.253154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16607.253154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16607.253154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16607.253154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       155028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2338939258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2338939258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2338939258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2338939258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2338939258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2338939258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15087.205266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15087.205266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15087.205266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15087.205266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15087.205266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15087.205266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           132696                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30421.451198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             219829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           164772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.334141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 26160.561062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2366.479179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1894.410957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.798357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          926                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978882                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          4535770                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         4535770                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       146958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        33627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         180585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       168537                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       168537                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12684                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12684                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       146958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        46311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          193269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       146958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        46311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         193269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         8070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        27671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        35741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        166623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       166623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    640673250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2233296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2873969250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10653589250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10653589250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    640673250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  12886885250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13527558500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    640673250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  12886885250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13527558500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       155028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        61298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       216326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168537                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       168537                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       155028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       359892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       155028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       359892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911650                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911650                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.462981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.462981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79389.498141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80708.901016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80410.991578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81398.429501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81398.429501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79389.498141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81278.091553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81186.621895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79389.498141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81278.091553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81186.621895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       114045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           114045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       166623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       166623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    539590750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1887128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2426718750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9017256750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9017256750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    539590750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10904384750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11443975500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    539590750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10904384750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11443975500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66863.785626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68198.764049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67897.337791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68896.080057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68896.080057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66863.785626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68774.383014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68681.847644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66863.785626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68774.383014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68681.847644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         216326                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        216325                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       168537                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       143566                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       143566                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       310055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       578265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total            888320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      9921728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     23897664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           33819392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       528429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             528429    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         528429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      432751500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     234095242                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     343202250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            114045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       447289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 447289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17962688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17962688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            280667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  280667    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              280667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           816993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          879772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
