
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000473                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   473398500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  473398500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                               74773462                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 221944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 85610                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 86349                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 81279                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 82686                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 83314                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 81031                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 83113                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 86498                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               669880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       430080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5517                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5460                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5549                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5366                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5369                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5497                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5427                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            473601                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  11018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  11064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  10927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  11038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5366                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5369                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                50241                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                180841300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                182402352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                171692559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                174664685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                175991263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                171168688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                175566674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                182717098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1415044619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         908494640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                11654029                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                11533623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                11721626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                11335059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                11341396                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                11611782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                11463915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                11271688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total             1000427758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         908494640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               192495329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               193935976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               183414185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               185999744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               187332659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               182780469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               187030588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               193988785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2415472377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99308                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55247                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.476059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.597054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      390.476059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.762649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.762649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337706                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23969                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23969                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    585914746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    585914746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    661973304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    661973304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1247888050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1247888050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1247888050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1247888050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.805323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.952247                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952247                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.857958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.857958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 16135.568022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16135.568022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 27617.894113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27617.894113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20701.183623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20701.183623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20701.183623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20701.183623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       772989                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66053                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.702557                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15354                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15354                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    529167946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    529167946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    625061532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    625061532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1154229478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154229478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1154229478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154229478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    639072193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    639072193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    970312557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    970312557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1609384750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1609384750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.805323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.952247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.857958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.857958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 14572.811908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14572.811908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 26077.914473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26077.914473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19147.483917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19147.483917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19147.483917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19147.483917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 64979.379054                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 64979.379054                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 175813.110527                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 175813.110527                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 104818.597760                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 104818.597760                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98972                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          54740                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               21894                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             389.013692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.593166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      389.013692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.759792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.759792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.791016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              335323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             335323                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    587357926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    587357926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    665550173                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    665550173                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1252908099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1252908099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1252908099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1252908099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          44712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         25012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           69724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          69724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.809425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953942                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953942                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.861267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.861267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 16229.392004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16229.392004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 27893.972045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27893.972045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20864.067193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20864.067193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20864.067193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20864.067193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       781068                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.805922                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    530766130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530766130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    628779775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628779775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1159545905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159545905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1159545905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159545905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    639204350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    639204350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    954877634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    954877634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1594081984                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1594081984                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.809425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.861267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.861267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 14665.693957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14665.693957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 26352.882439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26352.882439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19309.352134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19309.352134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19309.352134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19309.352134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 64762.345491                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 64762.345491                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 174821.976199                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 174821.976199                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 103970.909470                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 103970.909470                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99459                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55455                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.681778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.590810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      392.681778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.766957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337495                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    592802045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    592802045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    663383699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    663383699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1256185744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1256185744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1256185744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1256185744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.807438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.952858                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952858                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.859360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.859360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 16261.199973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16261.199973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 27767.096354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27767.096354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20816.387896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20816.387896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20816.387896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20816.387896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       773062                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66064                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.701713                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15277                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15277                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    535820289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    535820289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    626605165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626605165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1162425454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1162425454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1162425454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1162425454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    629981617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    629981617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    971621622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    971621622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1601603239                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1601603239                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.807438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.952858                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952858                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 14698.128899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14698.128899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 26227.665857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26227.665857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19262.676134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19262.676134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19262.676134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19262.676134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 64766.281176                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 64766.281176                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 175066.958919                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 175066.958919                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 104837.549192                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 104837.549192                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99575                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55091                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.069306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      392.069306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.765760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              336765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             336765                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    584499068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    584499068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    664565432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    664565432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1249064500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1249064500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1249064500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1249064500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.808415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953942                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953942                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.860360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.860360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16045.324146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16045.324146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 27852.700419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27852.700419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20718.293856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20718.293856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20718.293856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20718.293856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       775679                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.715259                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    527611348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    527611348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    627817964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    627817964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1155429312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1155429312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1155429312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1155429312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    639378023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    639378023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    962583192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    962583192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1601961215                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1601961215                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.808415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.860360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.860360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 14483.675964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14483.675964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 26312.571836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26312.571836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19165.162420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19165.162420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19165.162420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19165.162420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 64885.125127                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 64885.125127                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 179352.187814                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 179352.187814                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 105246.778464                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 105246.778464                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99348                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54723                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.522543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.587448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      391.522543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.764692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.746094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    597809741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    597809741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    658168265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    658168265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1255978006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1255978006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1255978006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1255978006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         24814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.809554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.955348                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955348                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.861122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.861122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 16286.431128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16286.431128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 27763.784063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27763.784063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20790.207343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20790.207343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20790.207343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20790.207343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       777995                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66371                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.721912                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    540346315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540346315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    621672271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    621672271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1162018586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1162018586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1162018586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1162018586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    636494546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    636494546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    958781259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    958781259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1595275805                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1595275805                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.809554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.955348                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955348                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.861122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.861122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 14720.926143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14720.926143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 26224.258458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26224.258458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19234.896809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19234.896809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19234.896809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19234.896809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 65094.553692                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65094.553692                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 178543.996089                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 178543.996089                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 105312.635661                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 105312.635661                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99076                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          54802                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.101349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.593451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      392.101349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.765823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              335763                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             335763                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23589                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23589                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             59975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            59975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            59975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           59975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    587220514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    587220514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    653847941                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    653847941                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1241068455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1241068455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1241068455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1241068455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         24777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           69850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          69850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.807268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.858626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.858626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 16138.638872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16138.638872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 27718.340794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27718.340794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20693.096373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20693.096373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20693.096373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20693.096373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       773798                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65921                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.738262                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        59975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        59975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15424                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15424                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    530387712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530387712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    617501507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617501507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1147889219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147889219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1147889219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147889219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    644126924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    644126924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    971277615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    971277615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1615404539                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1615404539                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.807268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952052                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952052                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 14576.697411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14576.697411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 26177.519479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26177.519479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19139.461759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19139.461759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19139.461759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19139.461759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 64886.362849                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 64886.362849                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 176692.307622                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 176692.307622                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 104733.178099                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 104733.178099                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55196                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.500017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.611271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      390.500017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.762695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.762695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.791016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6               10088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total              10088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6              10088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total             10088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    591265797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    591265797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    669884291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    669884291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1261150088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1261150088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1261150088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1261150088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         24920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.802168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.802168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.956300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.856721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.856721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.856721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.856721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16203.946313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16203.946313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 28109.785196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28109.785196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20907.660610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20907.660610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20907.660610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20907.660610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       779089                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66360                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.740341                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15197                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15197                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    534211155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    534211155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    633170857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    633170857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1167382012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1167382012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1167382012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1167382012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    633249047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    633249047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    972097686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    972097686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1605346733                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1605346733                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.802168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.956300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.856721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.856721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 14640.334210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14640.334210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 26569.210566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26569.210566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19353.150066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19353.150066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19353.150066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19353.150066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 64822.299826                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 64822.299826                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 179089.477892                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 179089.477892                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 105635.765809                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 105635.765809                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99558                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55171                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.314330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      392.314330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.766239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337937                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1105                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1105                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    596090233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    596090233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    664580608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    664580608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1260670841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1260670841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1260670841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1260670841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.807383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.955819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.860191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.860191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 16300.870515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16300.870515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 27799.740986                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27799.740986                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20846.493386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20846.493386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20846.493386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20846.493386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       776345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66228                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.722308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    538984883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538984883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    627714786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    627714786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1166699669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1166699669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1166699669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1166699669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    629180127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    629180127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    945700289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    945700289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1574880416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1574880416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.807383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.955819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.860191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.860191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 14739.249699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14739.249699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 26257.625115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26257.625115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19292.583077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19292.583077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19292.583077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19292.583077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 64863.930619                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 64863.930619                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 177230.189093                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 177230.189093                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 104740.650173                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 104740.650173                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    14031                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  784.967814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     150152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    10.137186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     723.923615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             7.649200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             8.016952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             7.636701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             7.493514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             7.626072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             7.131481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             7.354188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             8.136089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.706957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.007470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.007829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.007458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.007318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.007447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.006964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.007182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.007945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.766570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.762695                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  1978435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 1978435                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0                   10713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1                   10607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2                   10697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3                   10702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4                   11123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5                   10597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6                   10776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7                   10709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  85924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           76544                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                76544                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  272                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  268                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  299                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  302                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  259                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  274                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  287                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  307                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2268                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1734                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1772                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1671                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1762                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1808                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1767                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1864                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                14181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  100105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12516                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12885                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12543                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 100105                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0                   745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1                   785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2                   742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3                   727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4                   760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5                   712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6                   735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7                   780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 5986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1959                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2034                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2073                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2095                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               2075                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               1984                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               2104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               2050                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16374                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4569                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4582                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4471                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4493                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4628                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4552                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              36432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 42418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5411                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5309                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5205                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                42418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0        46187916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1        48036419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2        45900428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3        44726930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4        46758924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5        44218925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6        45379928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7        48529420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      369738890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     57866497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     60355991                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     61207994                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     63805822                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     62183492                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     61767496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     63498496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     63160496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    493846284                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     251689442                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     254959951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     248273936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     252714443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     246321934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     247674443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     255400930                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     250363448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2007398527                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        297877358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        302996370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        294174364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        297441373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        293080858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        291893368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        300780858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        298892868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2377137417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       297877358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       302996370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       294174364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       297441373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       293080858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       291893368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       300780858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       298892868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2377137417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0               11458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1               11392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2               11439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3               11429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4               11883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5               11309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6               11511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7               11489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total              91910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        76544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            76544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2231                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2372                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2397                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2334                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2258                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2391                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2357                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18642                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6283                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6253                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6301                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6395                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6416                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            50613                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                18116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              142523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               18116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             142523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0           0.065020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1           0.068908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2           0.064866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3           0.063610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4           0.063957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5           0.062959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6           0.063852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7           0.067891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.065129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.878082                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.883579                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.873946                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.874009                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.889032                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.878654                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.879967                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.869750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.878339                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.717043                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.727358                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.717969                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.732768                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.717311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.713061                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.723690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.709476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.719815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.298037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.304811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.296411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.300249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.288750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.295571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.299509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.297794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.297622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.298037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.304811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.296411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.300249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.288750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.295571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.299509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.297794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.297622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 61997.202685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 61192.890446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 61860.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 61522.599725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 61524.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 62105.231742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 61741.398639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 62217.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61767.271968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 29538.793772                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 29673.545231                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 29526.287506                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 30456.239618                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 29967.947952                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 31132.810484                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 30179.893536                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 30809.998049                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30160.393551                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55086.330050                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55114.559230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55037.449789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55153.741379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55093.252964                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55124.514356                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55186.026361                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55000.757469                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55099.871734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 56055.204742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55996.372205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 56001.211498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 56025.875494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 56027.692219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 56079.417483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 56084.441171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 56056.426857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56040.770828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 56055.204742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55996.372205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 56001.211498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 56025.875494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 56027.692219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 56079.417483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 56084.441171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 56056.426857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56040.770828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             18299                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     3476                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5.264384                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6720                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6720                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                  9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                  8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                  3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                 15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                  6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                  6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu4               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu6               3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                  8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                93                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0              738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1              776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2              734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3              724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4              745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5              706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6              731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7              774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2034                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2073                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2095                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          2074                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          1984                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          2101                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          2050                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16370                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4565                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4622                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4488                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            42325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           42325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        78458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15351                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15329                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15277                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15424                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15196                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       121982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     37081908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     38421892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     36752422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     35943926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     37213921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     35460411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     36445418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     38946899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    296266797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     82978964                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     86239947                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     87750966                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     88854787                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     87819107                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     83999460                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     88854959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     87064968                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    693563158                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    196462368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    199050885                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    193595340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    197409379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    192312836                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    193341369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    199367330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    195358866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1566898373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    233544276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    237472777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    230347762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    233353305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    229526757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    228801780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    235812748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    234305765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1863165170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    233544276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    237472777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    230347762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    233353305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    229526757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    228801780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    235812748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    234305765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1863165170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    419590422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    420411799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    414525738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    420114597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    417359247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    423042782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    416304244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    412865244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3344214073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    244799897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    243732417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    247505386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    237594430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    238425396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    244815873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    242422406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    237975886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1937271691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    664390319                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    664144216                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    662031124                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    657709027                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    655784643                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    667858655                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    658726650                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    650841130                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5281485764                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.064409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.068118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.064166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.063348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.062695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.062428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.063504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.067369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.878082                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.883579                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.873946                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.874009                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.888603                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.878654                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.878712                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.869750                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878125                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.716416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.726730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.716696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.732448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.716669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.712268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.723065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.708853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.297420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.304078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.295508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.299966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.287701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.294946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.299062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.297235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.296970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.297420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.304078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.295508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.299966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.287701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.294946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.299062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.297235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 50246.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 49512.747423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 50071.419619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 49646.306630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 49951.571812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 50227.211048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 49856.932969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 50318.990956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49977.529858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42357.817254                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42399.187316                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42330.422576                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42412.786158                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42342.867406                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42338.437500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42291.746311                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42470.716098                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42367.938790                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43036.663308                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43065.963868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42992.524983                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43102.484498                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43051.899709                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43079.627674                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43115.772059                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42954.895778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43050.206693                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 44040.029417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43992.733790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43984.678633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43995.721154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 44038.134497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 44051.170581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 44035.994024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 44025.885945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44020.441110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 44040.029417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43992.733790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43984.678633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43995.721154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 44038.134497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 44051.170581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 44035.994024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 44025.885945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44020.441110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 42667.319707                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 42599.229811                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 42615.990336                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 42633.914857                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 42683.498364                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 42615.370404                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 42614.826901                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 42563.427216                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 42624.258495                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 44371.922603                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 44639.636813                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 44595.565045                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 44269.504379                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 44399.515084                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 44536.269420                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 44669.689700                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 44598.179535                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 44510.423927                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 43279.937398                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 43325.997521                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 43335.152451                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 43210.631824                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 43291.830143                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 43299.964665                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 43348.687155                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 43285.523410                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 43297.255038                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               84372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            60428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           49463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             49409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       425122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 425122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1143411                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1143411                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            57048                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            253034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  253034    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              253034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           288296633                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              60.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          308136269                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             65.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             369990                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            369967                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43524                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43518                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            76544                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29606                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29605                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           161002                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          160999                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                963786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1770551                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1757664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1763883                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1765044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1785450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1756799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1766043                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1776312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14141746                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          320975                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           687560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                 687560    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             687560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          445191055                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             94.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         101323906                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101013875                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            21.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         101243878                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         101066643                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            21.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         101367492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         100955896                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            21.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         101182766                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         101290842                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
