
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.623365                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2623365440500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2623365440500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1411989                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1411989                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2035500124                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 294160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1288.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1819780127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1819780127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             51328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         125367104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            125418432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           51328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     65156928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          65156928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data            1958861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1959663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1018077                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1018077                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                19566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             47788654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                47808220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           19566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              19566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          24837153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               24837153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          24837153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               19566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            47788654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               72645373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    444595663                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                    4897078                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                449492741                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   160728502                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                   1701304                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               162429806                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    605324165                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                    6598382                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                611922547                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                  1826378510                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        18                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses              1826378528                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       5246730881                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1819780127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1819780127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1725565901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 805526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    33534877                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    164021647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1725565901                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        805526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2347934659                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1376202618                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  357                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 345                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     611922547                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   449492741                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  162429806                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 5246730881                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                         214632552                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass              83736345      4.58%      4.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                1129914150     61.87%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       75      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  805244      0.04%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                      13      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                     100      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                     11      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                      24      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                449492741     24.61%     91.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               162429806      8.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 1826378509                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9107638                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4079.262739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           596212431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9111734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             65.433476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       40977437000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4079.262739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.995914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1219760064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1219760064                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    437373249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       437373249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    158839182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      158839182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     596212431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        596212431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    596212431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       596212431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7222414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7222414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1889320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1889320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      9111734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        9111734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      9111734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       9111734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 143355355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143355355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  57375808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57375808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 200731163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 200731163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 200731163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 200731163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    444595663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    444595663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    605324165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    605324165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    605324165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    605324165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19848.675941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19848.675941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30368.496602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30368.496602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22029.963013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22029.963013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22029.963013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22029.963013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3693497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3693497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7222414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7222414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1889320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1889320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9111734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9111734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9111734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9111734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 132521734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 132521734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  54541828000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54541828000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 187063562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 187063562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 187063562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 187063562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011755                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011755                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18348.675941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18348.675941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28868.496602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28868.496602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20529.963013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20529.963013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20529.963013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20529.963013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           612.458786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1826377708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          2277278.937656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   612.458786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.299052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.299052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.391113                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3652757822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3652757822                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1826377708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1826377708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1826377708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1826377708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1826377708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1826377708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44139500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44139500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44139500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44139500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44139500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44139500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1826378510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1826378510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1826378510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1826378510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1826378510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1826378510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55036.783042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55036.783042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55036.783042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55036.783042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55036.783042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55036.783042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42936500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42936500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42936500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42936500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42936500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42936500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53536.783042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53536.783042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53536.783042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53536.783042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53536.783042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53536.783042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements          1926937                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30535.253333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            8959453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          1956729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             4.578791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     218167126000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 15221.864156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    39.064589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 15274.324589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.464534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.466135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.931862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        29792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.909180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        106294313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       106294313                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      6044854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        6044854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3693497                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3693497                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data      1108019                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1108019                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      7152873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7152873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      7152873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7152873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1177560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1178362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       781301                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       781301                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1958861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       1959663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1958861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1959663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42134500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  61828353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  61870487500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41018308500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  41018308500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42134500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 102846661500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 102888796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42134500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 102846661500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 102888796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      7222414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7223216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3693497                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3693497                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1889320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1889320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      9111734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9112536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      9111734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9112536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.413536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.215051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52536.783042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52505.479976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52505.501281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52500.007679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.007679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52536.783042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52503.297324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52503.311028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52536.783042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52503.297324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52503.311028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1018077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1018077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1177560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1178362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       781301                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       781301                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1959663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1959663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47697633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47730143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31642696500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31642696500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  79340329500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  79372839500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  79340329500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  79372839500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40536.159601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40505.479976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40505.500856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40500.007679                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40500.007679                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40536.159601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40503.297324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40503.310773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40536.159601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40503.297324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40503.310773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        7223216                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       7223216                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3693497                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1889320                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1889320                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     21916965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          21918569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        51328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    819534784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          819586112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     12806033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1           12806033    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       12806033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    10096513500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1203000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   13667601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1178362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1178362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1018077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            781301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           781301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4937403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4937403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    190575360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               190575360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2977740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2977740    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2977740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          7156873500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         9798315500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
