
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000108                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   107944000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  107944000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128828                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   128828                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               13989470                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 239356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      994048                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        994048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            23168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                42816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           29056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                80                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           214629808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           100200104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            47432002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            11858000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst             4150300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             7707700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             2964500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             7707700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               396650115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      214629808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       47432002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst        4150300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        2964500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          269176610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          214629808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          100200104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           47432002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           11858000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            4150300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            7707700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            2964500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            7707700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              396650115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           670                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         670                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    42880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     42880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             76                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       107916000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     670                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      270.702703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     189.430987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     234.776821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             43     29.05%     29.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           39     26.35%     55.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           25     16.89%     72.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           19     12.84%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      4.05%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      4.05%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      3.38%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.35%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      2.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        6539750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  19102250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9760.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28510.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         397.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      397.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        511                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   76.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       161068.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     703080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     383625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   2761200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               39247065                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy               26461500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 76167750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              750.559832                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       46478250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        54316750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     385560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     210375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   2067000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               30855240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy               33814500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 73943955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              728.745214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       59727000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        42022000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  81450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            78581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1205                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               78182                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                  75500                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.569543                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    747                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               128                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          215889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             20419                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        481443                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      81450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             76247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       165590                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   2709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2214                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     7225                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            189580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.539524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.227640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   32064     16.91%     16.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   77818     41.05%     57.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                     818      0.43%     58.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    1146      0.60%     59.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                     623      0.33%     59.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   72992     38.50%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                     703      0.37%     98.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                     447      0.24%     98.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                    2969      1.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              189580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.377277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.230049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   15778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                19697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   152079                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  672                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1354                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                469796                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1354                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   16409                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                   2266                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   152076                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                 1505                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                466337                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                    21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands             319451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups               929999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups          702902                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps               305355                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   14096                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               900                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     4587                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              148758                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              75265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            72519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           72258                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    390345                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                967                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   386997                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               24                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13187                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11208                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           408                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       189580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.041339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.140292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              35140     18.54%     18.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               4258      2.25%     20.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              73622     38.83%     59.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              73334     38.68%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1646      0.87%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                901      0.48%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                423      0.22%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                182      0.10%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 74      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         189580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     91     32.73%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     32.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    84     30.22%     62.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  103     37.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               164205     42.43%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              148197     38.29%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              74595     19.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                386997                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.792574                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        278                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000718                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            963876                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           404550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       385100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                387275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           71895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1625                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1354                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                   2232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   35                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             464248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               148758                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               75265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    40                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           333                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1104                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               385946                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               147890                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                        72936                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      222349                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   76534                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     74459                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.787706                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                        385475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                       385100                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   228400                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                   231722                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.783787                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.985664                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13801                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       186928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.409398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.152220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        35407     18.94%     18.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        75555     40.42%     59.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1920      1.03%     60.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          633      0.34%     60.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          494      0.26%     60.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        71651     38.33%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          511      0.27%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          263      0.14%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          494      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       186928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              450384                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                450384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        219907                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       146267                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     75527                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                   303686                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        72259     16.04%     16.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          158134     35.11%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         146351     32.49%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         73640     16.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total           450384                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  494                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      649458                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     931043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     378041                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                       378041                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.571073                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.571073                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.751090                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.751090                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                  690199                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                 311415                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 224240                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          140.939988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             148370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           867.660819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   140.939988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.275273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.275273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.330078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           598524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          598524                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        75399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        73059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         73059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             21                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       148458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          148458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       148458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         148458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          539                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          539                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         1053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17626915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17626915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36442515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36442515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       680000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       680000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54069430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     54069430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54069430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     54069430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        75913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        75913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        73598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       149511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       149511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34293.608949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34293.608949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67611.345083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67611.345083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32380.952381                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32380.952381                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51347.986705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51347.986705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51347.986705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51347.986705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    79.692308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6770753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6770753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8530978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8530978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       646500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       646500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15301731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15301731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15301731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15301731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36797.570652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36797.570652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48197.615819                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48197.615819                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30785.714286                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30785.714286                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42387.066482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42387.066482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42387.066482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42387.066482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              323                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          240.188663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               6428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.469055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   240.188663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.469118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.469118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.568359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses             7839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses            7839                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         6428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         6428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            6428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         6428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           6428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40514746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40514746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40514746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40514746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40514746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40514746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         7225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         7225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         7225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         7225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         7225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50834.060226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50834.060226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50834.060226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50834.060226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50834.060226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50834.060226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31043001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31043001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31043001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31043001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31043001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31043001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50476.424390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50476.424390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50476.424390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50476.424390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50476.424390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50476.424390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                  52261                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted            48386                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             1341                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups               44394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                  43169                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.240618                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                    906                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          162232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             31153                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        288417                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      52261                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             44075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       122623                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   2833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1159                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    21623                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            156364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.844523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.218152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                   56063     35.85%     35.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   50599     32.36%     68.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    6236      3.99%     72.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                    3531      2.26%     74.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                     937      0.60%     75.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   32564     20.83%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1222      0.78%     96.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                     843      0.54%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                    4369      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              156364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.322137                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.777806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                   18077                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                54814                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                    78767                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                 3280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  1416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                271927                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  1416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                   18807                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                  25020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         13667                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                    79411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                18033                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                268621                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 15397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                    31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents               6                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands             189765                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups               514915                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups          401460                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps               175087                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   14678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts              1212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1278                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                    22640                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               74986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              35614                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            35483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           30428                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    223482                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6146                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   225009                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               16                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13593                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10743                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           680                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       156364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.439008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.385420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              59519     38.06%     38.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              20894     13.36%     51.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              35016     22.39%     73.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              34585     22.12%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3417      2.19%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1600      1.02%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                882      0.56%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                240      0.15%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                211      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         156364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     92     27.88%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     27.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    29      8.79%     36.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     63.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               110922     49.30%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               79078     35.14%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              35009     15.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                225009                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.386958                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        330                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001467                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            606728                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           243255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       223369                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                225339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           30296                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2626                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1552                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                   7338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   47                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             266019                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                74986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               35614                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1143                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    24                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1125                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                1578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               223948                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                74035                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        36391                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                      108940                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                   45914                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     34905                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.380418                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                        223649                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                       223369                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                   126652                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                   133295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.376849                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.950163                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           5466                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             1341                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       153714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.636819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.057713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        64759     42.13%     42.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        42554     27.68%     69.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5173      3.37%     73.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6281      4.09%     77.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1529      0.99%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30355     19.75%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          785      0.51%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          966      0.63%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1312      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       153714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts              251602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                251602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                        106422                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        72360                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                       4751                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                     44778                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                   173320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        35567     14.14%     14.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          104862     41.68%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          77111     30.65%     86.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34062     13.54%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total           251602                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                 1312                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                      417798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                     534614                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           5868                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       46290                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     211284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                       211284                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.767839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.767839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.302357                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.302357                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                  386957                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                 181537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 110600                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.579817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              40184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1435.142857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    25.579817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.049961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.049961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           311400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          311400                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        43257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          43257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        33840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        77097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           77097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        77097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          77097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9865731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9865731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3999011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3999011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       673507                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       673507                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13864742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13864742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13864742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13864742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        43723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        43723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        33993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        33993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        77716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        77716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        77716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        77716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004501                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004501                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.826087                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.826087                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21171.096567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21171.096567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26137.326797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26137.326797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11815.912281                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11815.912281                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22398.613893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22398.613893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22398.613893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22398.613893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1943270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1943270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1707489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1707489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       587993                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       587993                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3650759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3650759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3650759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3650759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.826087                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826087                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11636.347305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11636.347305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15810.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15810.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10315.666667                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10315.666667                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13275.487273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13275.487273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13275.487273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13275.487273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           83.683741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              21045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.344064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    83.683741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.163445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.163445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.218750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            22120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           22120                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        21045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        21045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           21045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        21045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          21045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14251747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14251747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14251747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14251747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14251747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14251747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        21623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        21623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        21623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        21623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        21623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.026731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.026731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.026731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24657.001730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24657.001730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24657.001730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24657.001730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24657.001730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24657.001730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          114                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           57                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           81                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11245503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11245503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11245503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11245503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11245503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11245503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22626.766600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22626.766600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22626.766600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22626.766600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22626.766600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22626.766600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                  51309                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted            47950                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             1280                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups               43975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                  43053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.903354                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                    886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          161860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             31583                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        282068                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      51309                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             43939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                       125716                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   2717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1207                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    22884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            159877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.764281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.167875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                   59518     37.23%     37.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   51095     31.96%     69.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    7306      4.57%     73.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                    3438      2.15%     75.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                     997      0.62%     76.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   31616     19.78%     96.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                    1254      0.78%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                     769      0.48%     97.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                    3884      2.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              159877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.316996                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.742667                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                   17468                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                61085                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                    76240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                 3716                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  1358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                267722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  1358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                   18170                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                  29188                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         12834                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                    77782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                20535                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                264399                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 18336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                    25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands             185298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups               503121                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups          392507                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps               170476                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   14822                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts              1180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                    25168                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               73362                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              34382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            35300                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           29228                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    218628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6983                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   220497                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               53                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13773                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        12313                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           622                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       159877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.379166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.379581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              63376     39.64%     39.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              23374     14.62%     54.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              33553     20.99%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              33206     20.77%     96.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3423      2.14%     98.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1623      1.02%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                877      0.55%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                230      0.14%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                215      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         159877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     86     23.69%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    68     18.73%     42.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     57.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               108751     49.32%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               78120     35.43%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              33626     15.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                220497                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.362270                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        363                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001646                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            601287                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           239427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       218768                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                220860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           28926                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2863                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                   8128                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   61                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             261616                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                73362                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               34382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1094                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    39                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           455                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1045                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                1500                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               219377                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                72164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        36005                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                      105679                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                   45327                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     33515                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.355350                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                        219089                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                       218768                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                   123331                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                   129941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.351588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.949131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           6361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             1280                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       157221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.570534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.031430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        69336     44.10%     44.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        41971     26.70%     70.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5151      3.28%     74.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7156      4.55%     78.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1534      0.98%     79.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28975     18.43%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          827      0.53%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          961      0.61%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1310      0.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       157221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts              246921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                246921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                        103190                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        70499                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                       5644                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                     44296                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                   169605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        35083     14.21%     14.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          103004     41.72%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          76143     30.84%     86.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         32691     13.24%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total           246921                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                 1310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                      416888                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                     525783                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           1983                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       46662                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     206194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                       206194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.784989                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.784989                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.273903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.273903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                  376797                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                 176595                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                 107278                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           24.051885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              38880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1340.689655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    24.051885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.046976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.046976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           303893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          303893                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        42781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        32487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         32487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        75268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           75268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        75268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          75268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7341783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7341783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2962762                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2962762                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       594005                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       594005                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10304545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10304545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10304545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10304545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        43221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        43221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        32620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        75841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        75841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.010180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16685.870455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16685.870455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22276.406015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22276.406015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10421.140351                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10421.140351                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17983.499127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17983.499127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17983.499127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17983.499127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1424773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1424773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1555988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1555988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       508495                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       508495                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2980761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2980761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2980761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2980761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003127                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003127                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.802817                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9192.083871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9192.083871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15254.784314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15254.784314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8920.964912                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8920.964912                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11598.291829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11598.291829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11598.291829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11598.291829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           78.035025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs              22324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            45.190283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    78.035025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.152412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.152412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.214844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses            23378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses           23378                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst        22324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst        22324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           22324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst        22324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          22324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8454990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8454990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8454990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8454990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8454990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8454990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        22884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        22884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst        22884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        22884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        22884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        22884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15098.196429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15098.196429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15098.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15098.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15098.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15098.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           66                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6668508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6668508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6668508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6668508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6668508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6668508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.021587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.021587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.021587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13499.004049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13499.004049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13499.004049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13499.004049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13499.004049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13499.004049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                  49957                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted            46526                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             1263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups               42773                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                  41661                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.400229                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                    886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          161075                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             32422                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        272949                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      49957                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             42547                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       124988                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   2685                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1170                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    23669                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            159935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.706625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.149562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                   61940     38.73%     38.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   50129     31.34%     70.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    7684      4.80%     74.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                    3433      2.15%     77.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                    1026      0.64%     77.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   29810     18.64%     96.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1265      0.79%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                     775      0.48%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                    3873      2.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              159935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.310147                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.694546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                   17524                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                64435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                    72722                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                 3902                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  1342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                258692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  1342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                   18198                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                  31170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         12771                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                    73832                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                22612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                255419                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 19775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                    23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands             178600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups               483471                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups          377749                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps               164114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   14486                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts              1167                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                    27248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               70256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              32624                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            33902                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           27488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    210626                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   213102                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               40                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13428                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11687                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           617                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       159935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.332429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.375890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              65625     41.03%     41.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              24603     15.38%     56.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              31869     19.93%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              31495     19.69%     96.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3384      2.12%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1646      1.03%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                880      0.55%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                234      0.15%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                199      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         159935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     83     23.71%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     23.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    58     16.57%     40.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     59.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               105687     49.59%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               75490     35.42%     85.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              31925     14.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                213102                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.322999                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        350                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001642                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            586529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           231462                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       211399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                213452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           27230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2740                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1625                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                   8471                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   59                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             252649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                70256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               32624                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    37                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           466                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1012                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                1478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               211973                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                69143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        34658                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                      100953                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                   44015                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     31810                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.315989                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                        211700                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                       211399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                   118601                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                   125234                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.312426                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.947035                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14249                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           6748                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             1263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       157342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.514834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.009338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        72048     45.79%     45.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        40652     25.84%     71.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5170      3.29%     74.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7572      4.81%     79.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1532      0.97%     80.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27266     17.33%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          833      0.53%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          969      0.62%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1300      0.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       157342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts              238347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                238347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                         98515                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        67516                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                       6034                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                     42994                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                   163632                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        33784     14.17%     14.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          100014     41.96%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          73550     30.86%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         30999     13.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total           238347                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                 1300                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                      408052                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                     507784                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1140                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       47445                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     198529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                       198529                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.811342                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.811342                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.232525                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.232525                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                  362535                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                 170128                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                 102551                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           23.026048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              37058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1323.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    23.026048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.044973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.044973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           291822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          291822                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        41456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        30794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        72250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           72250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        72250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          72250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           54                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7521134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7521134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3020012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3020012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       589507                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       589507                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data     10541146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10541146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data     10541146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10541146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        41896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        30931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           68                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        72827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        72827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        72827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        72827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.794118                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.794118                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17093.486364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17093.486364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 22043.883212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22043.883212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 10916.796296                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10916.796296                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18268.883882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18268.883882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18268.883882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18268.883882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           54                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1429011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1429011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1527238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1527238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       508493                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       508493                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2956249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2956249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2956249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2956249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003330                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003330                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.794118                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.794118                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9401.388158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9401.388158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14827.553398                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14827.553398                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9416.537037                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9416.537037                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11593.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11593.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11593.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11593.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           75.442206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              23109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            46.403614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    75.442206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.147348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.147348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.216797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            24167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           24167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        23109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        23109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           23109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        23109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          23109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7349496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7349496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7349496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7349496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7349496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7349496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        23669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        23669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        23669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        23669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        23669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13124.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13124.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13124.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13124.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13124.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13124.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6152504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6152504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6152504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6152504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6152504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6152504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.021040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.021040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.021040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12354.425703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12354.425703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12354.425703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12354.425703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12354.425703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12354.425703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  421.791819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       1669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     3.113806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.783957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      289.037601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       57.982294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       60.100309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        5.287110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        5.207527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        0.713016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        2.004391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.675614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.004410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.006436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008179                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    20118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   20118                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                414                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               83                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                76                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               83                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  682                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27791500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6004250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       553250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      1121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        96750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       495500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        82500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       42540750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8131000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1125500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       956000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       926750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11139250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27791500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14135250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1678750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      1121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1052750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       495500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1009250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        53680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27791500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14135250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1678750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      1121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1052750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       495500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1009250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       53680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             80                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               2220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.591870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.167002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.026316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.014056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.248198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.962025                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.591870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.167002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.026316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.014056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.290089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.591870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.971264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.167002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.026316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.014056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.290089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76350.274725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80056.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77060.240964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79035.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86230.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        96750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 70785.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        82500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77206.442831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        86500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86576.923077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 77229.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85032.442748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76350.274725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83640.532544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77060.240964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83937.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86230.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80980.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 70785.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 77634.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78709.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76350.274725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83640.532544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77060.240964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83937.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86230.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80980.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 70785.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 77634.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78709.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           80                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23217750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5067250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5227250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       465250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       423750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        83750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       339500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        70000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34894500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       391522                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       320018                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       303517                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       337019                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1352076                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6964500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       963500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       806000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       776750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9510750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23217750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12031750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5227250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1428750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       423750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       889750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       846750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44405250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23217750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12031750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5227250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1428750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       423750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       889750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       846750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44405250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.590244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.160966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962025                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.590244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.160966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.284985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.590244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.160966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63960.743802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67563.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65340.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66464.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 60535.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        83750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        67900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        70000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64739.332096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17796.454545                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17778.777778                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17853.941176                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17737.842105                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17790.473684                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74090.425532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74115.384615                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64729.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72601.145038                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63960.743802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71193.786982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65340.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 60535.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68442.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        67900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 65134.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66276.492537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63960.743802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71193.786982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65340.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 60535.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68442.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        67900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 65134.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66276.492537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              76                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        42816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   42816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              240                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               986                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     986    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 986                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              941000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3702674                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               2762                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2761                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             279                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            279                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              401                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             401                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  5872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        39296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        11200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 150464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1012                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             3443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                   3443    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               3443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            1736971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy            994999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy            532769                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy            762997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy            438748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy            744992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy            415244                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy            747996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy            406758                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
