
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    30902500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   30902500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 544856                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   544118                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2985748792                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 288768                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5624                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             18752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                27520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        18752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           18752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            606811747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            283731090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               890542836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       606811747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          606811747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           606811747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           283731090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              890542836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    7                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            61805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          5624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  4944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      2                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         190                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         4944                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             2                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                7054                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               3281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    3                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   1                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          2034                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        1132                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        902                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                      61805                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                               883                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   637     11.32%     11.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                      2950     52.44%     63.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        2      0.04%     63.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     63.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       2      0.04%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     1132     20.12%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                     902     16.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                       5625                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            86.155054                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                1896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.839416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    86.155054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.021034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.033447                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              4203                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             4203                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4785000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4785000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4654500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4654500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2675000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2675000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7329500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7329500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7329500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7329500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055494                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055494                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                13                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           129.101534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                5331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             18.071186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   129.101534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.063038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.063038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.137695                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             11547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            11547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            5331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          5331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16141500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16141500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16141500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16141500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16141500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16141500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         5626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         5626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54716.949153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54716.949153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54716.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54716.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54716.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54716.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53216.949153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53216.949153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53216.949153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53216.949153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53216.949153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53216.949153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          183.714965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.005263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   130.257719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    53.457246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.011597                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             3886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            3886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4567500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19950500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2625000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2625000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     22575500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     22575500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.994764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52501.706485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52501.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52501.706485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52501.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52501.706485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52501.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11866500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3523500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2025000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2025000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11866500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5548500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17415000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11866500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5548500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17415000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            382                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           382                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           50                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           50                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        18880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         8768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              27648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                432    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         216000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        442500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        205500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                50                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               50                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        27520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   27520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     430    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              430500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2150500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
