
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.417996                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                417996021500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               417996021500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  98610                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   182341                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               49848381                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 430328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8385.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   826877109                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            227200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24536320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24763520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       227200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          227200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18818240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18818240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             383380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                386930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          294035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               294035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               543546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             58699889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                59243435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          543546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             543546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          45020141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               45020141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          45020141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              543546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            58699889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              104263576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        386930                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       294035                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      386930                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     294035                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24740928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     22592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18817024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24763520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18818240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      353                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         195133                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               24110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               26511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               24689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               23301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               23952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              22981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              24097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              23979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               18543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               19847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               18947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               18939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               18047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               18996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               18981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               18168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              18839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              17728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              17372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              16973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    417995980500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  386930                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 294035                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    381501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     6568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    16924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       147449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      295.402912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     174.387317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     322.474139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          54872     37.21%     37.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39881     27.05%     64.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13729      9.31%     73.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7544      5.12%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5538      3.76%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3897      2.64%     85.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3110      2.11%     87.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2694      1.83%     89.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16184     10.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         147449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        22.155834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      209.387263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17435     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            8      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.850986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.777295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.658929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17245     98.84%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             147      0.84%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              24      0.14%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              10      0.06%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               5      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               3      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               3      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::236-239             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     4282714250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11531033000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1932885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11078.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29828.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          59.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          45.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       59.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       45.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        21.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     318033                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    215097                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       613828.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  567967680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  309903000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1526584800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                976607280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            27301026480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            63862686000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           194773803000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             289318578240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              692.167087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   323459791500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     13957580000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     80574068000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  546278040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  298068375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1488138600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                928098000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            27301026480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            61813739205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           196571124750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             288946473450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              691.276862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   326467583000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     13957580000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     77566206500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               230262495                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         230262495                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           9742888                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            131521089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               128797905                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.929470                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                27751403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1472504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  551                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        835992044                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          185232757                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1269385486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   230262495                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          156549308                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     639500926                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                20224879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles               100878                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        834249                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         1640                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 179526470                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               2741098                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          835783416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.825648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.381813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                428043161     51.21%     51.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 33828750      4.05%     55.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 32944896      3.94%     59.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 33232373      3.98%     63.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 27262474      3.26%     66.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 27644327      3.31%     69.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 36950250      4.42%     74.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 33776724      4.04%     78.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                182100461     21.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            835783416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.275436                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.518418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                127710765                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             376117098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 240273770                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              81569344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               10112439                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2225700133                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               10112439                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                159685424                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               160601450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          42674                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 285796855                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             219544574                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2175664077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                185857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              136149821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               24262583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               49140413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2279803570                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5502723498                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       3499975195                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             67752                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1614040854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                665762716                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               3202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           3008                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 414696821                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            528426075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           209872279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         239265917                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         72168406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2101339198                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               25266                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1827025844                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            429417                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       572375763                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    974716036                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          24714                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     835783416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.186004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.072692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           256113706     30.64%     30.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           125601677     15.03%     45.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           119268677     14.27%     59.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           111065913     13.29%     73.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            92467369     11.06%     84.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            61706105      7.38%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            43038473      5.15%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            19113733      2.29%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             7407763      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       835783416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                11312018     42.37%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     42.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead               12328079     46.18%     88.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               3055344     11.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           2717945      0.15%      0.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1211291441     66.30%     66.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               390219      0.02%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               3881058      0.21%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 119      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 36      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 409      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            435052343     23.81%     90.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           173692274      9.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1827025844                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.185458                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    26695441                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.014611                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4516927324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2674001021                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1796885315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               32638                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              71794                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         7253                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1850988135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   15205                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        185719617                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    144326663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       210089                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       386690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     60712093                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        19150                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          1058                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               10112439                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               107482997                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               6407343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2101364464                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            396756                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             528428820                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            209872279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               7401                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1872023                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3639843                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         386690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        5742846                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4583278                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             10326124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1805593119                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             428868135                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          21432725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    598999412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                171793179                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  170131277                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.159821                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1802187162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1796892568                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1367992688                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                2090178306                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.149413                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.654486                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       572454923                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           9832210                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    758082487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.016916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.546878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    289327383     38.17%     38.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    175257093     23.12%     61.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57420140      7.57%     68.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     86252758     11.38%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     27155131      3.58%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     27117110      3.58%     87.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      9822533      1.30%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8850930      1.17%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     76879409     10.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    758082487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            826877109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      533262343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     384102157                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  149758583                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1526605509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17673145                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1819099      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        989721889     64.73%     64.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          306834      0.02%     64.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          3878536      0.25%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       384102157     25.12%     90.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      149160186      9.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1528988701                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              76879409                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2782646702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4280772798                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            2318                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          208628                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   826877109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1528988701                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.011023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.011023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.989097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.989097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2762036439                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1465125360                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      7563                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      476                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 600921582                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                409666959                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               990189445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2534281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4087.998981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           387677401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2538377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            152.726487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1688557250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4087.998981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          873                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         784481905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        784481905                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    239023256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       239023256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    148173502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148173502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     387196758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        387196758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    387196758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       387196758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2788306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2788306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       986700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       986700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3775006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3775006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3775006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3775006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  60089695608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  60089695608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31307364104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31307364104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  91397059712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91397059712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  91397059712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91397059712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    241811562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    241811562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    390971764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    390971764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    390971764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    390971764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21550.610158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.610158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31729.364654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31729.364654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24211.103164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24211.103164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24211.103164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24211.103164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           46                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1081                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.930620                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     9.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2332980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2332980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1021252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1021252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        18400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        18400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1039652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1039652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1039652                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1039652                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1767054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1767054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       968300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       968300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2735354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2735354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2735354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2735354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32779677502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32779677502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29519299643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29519299643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  62298977145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62298977145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  62298977145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  62298977145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18550.467333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18550.467333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30485.696213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30485.696213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22775.471528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22775.471528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22775.471528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22775.471528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7107                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1054.726418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           179314504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          20589.562981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1054.726418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.515003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.515003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.782227                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         359258778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        359258778                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    179317997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       179317997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     179317997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        179317997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    179317997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       179317997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       208472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        208472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       208472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         208472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       208472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        208472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1336227738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1336227738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1336227738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1336227738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1336227738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1336227738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    179526469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179526469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    179526469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179526469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    179526469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179526469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6409.626895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6409.626895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6409.626895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6409.626895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6409.626895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6409.626895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    81.133333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2630                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2630                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       205842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       205842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       205842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       205842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    900667759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    900667759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    900667759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    900667759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    900667759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    900667759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4375.529576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4375.529576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4375.529576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4375.529576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4375.529576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4375.529576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           354249                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29619.496841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3704141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           386604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             9.581228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     197893481000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 21082.499774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   254.372713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8282.624354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.643387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.007763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.252766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18660                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987396                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         41777056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        41777056                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1590453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1595645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2332980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2332980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1881                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       564507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       564507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         5192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2154960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2160152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2154960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2160152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       176400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       179952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data       195096                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       195096                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       207017                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       207017                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       383417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        386969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       383417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       386969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    294540500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14275679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14570219500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     13220077                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     13220077                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16430030463                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16430030463                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    294540500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  30705709463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31000249963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    294540500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  30705709463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31000249963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         8744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1766853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1775597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2332980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2332980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data       196977                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       196977                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       771524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       771524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         8744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2538377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2547121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         8744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2538377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2547121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.406221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.990451                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990451                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268322                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.268322                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.406221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.406221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82922.438063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80927.885488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80967.255157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data    67.761907                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    67.761907                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79365.609892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79365.609892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82922.438063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80084.371488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80110.422186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82922.438063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80084.371488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80110.422186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       294035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           294035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       176400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       179951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       195096                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       195096                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       207017                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       207017                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       386968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       386968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    250130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12068381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12318511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3521803787                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3521803787                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13841306537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13841306537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    250130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25909687537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26159817537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    250130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25909687537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26159817537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.406107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.990451                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990451                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.406107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.406107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70439.312870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68414.858277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68454.807142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18051.645277                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18051.645277                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66860.724177                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66860.724177                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70439.312870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67575.740087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67602.017575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70439.312870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67575.740087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67602.017575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        1972695                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1972693                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2332980                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       196977                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       196977                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       771524                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       771524                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       214584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7803688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           8018272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       559488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    311766848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          312326336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      197098                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      5274176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            5274176    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        5274176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4998685151                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     309293990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3989146355                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              179950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             179949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            294035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           195133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          195133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1458160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1458160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1458160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43581696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     43581696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43581696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            876098                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  876098    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              876098                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2246796268                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2437948408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
