
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.081225                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 81224844500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                81224844500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  91947                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   154111                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56548085                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 347388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1436.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   132071192                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     221363384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            224768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            125760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               350528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       224768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          224768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               1965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              2767232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1548295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4315527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         2767232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2767232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             2767232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1548295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4315527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          5477                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                        5477                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                   350528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                    350528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            298                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                 355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                 457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                 353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                 337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                 331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                 400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                 389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                 346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                 296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     81224754500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    5477                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      308.296820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     177.870491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     329.897635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127            457     40.37%     40.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255          236     20.85%     61.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383          108      9.54%     70.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      5.12%     75.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      4.59%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      5.04%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      1.33%     86.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      1.59%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          131     11.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       39829000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 142522750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                     27385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7272.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26022.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        4.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                       4337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   79.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     14830154.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                    4944240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                    2697750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                  22612200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             5304789360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             2574291285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            46473030000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              54382364835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              669.579902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    77308994750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      2712060000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      1198731250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                    3598560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                    1963500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                  19773000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             5304789360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             2411784000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            46615580250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              54357488670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              669.273616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    77550451000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      2712060000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       960225000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                21757824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          21757824                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1548941                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             13682195                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                12857487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             93.972400                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1522808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  400                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        162449690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           27167357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      241462052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    21757824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           14380295                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     133204520                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 3672137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                         11                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 3242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         32817                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          121                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  26014450                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                320059                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          162244149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.449323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.349447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 96544935     59.51%     59.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  4966288      3.06%     62.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  3924303      2.42%     64.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  4589791      2.83%     67.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  4444336      2.74%     70.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  5042325      3.11%     73.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  5076481      3.13%     76.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  3889378      2.40%     79.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 33766312     20.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            162244149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.133936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.486381                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 16503411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              96610290                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  25882430                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              21411950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1836068                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              352729241                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1836068                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 24442767                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                33233774                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          31009                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  38303751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              64396780                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              343252745                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  1943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               56953505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                7545423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 167940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           397342568                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             949709399                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        627052131                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           4618257                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             259429450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                137913118                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               2151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 120010907                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             87039709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            31137080                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          61853756                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         20927707                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  331596276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                4834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 264603975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             77857                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110237726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    225639096                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           3589                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     162244149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.630900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.539803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            42788422     26.37%     26.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            47622129     29.35%     55.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            33320454     20.54%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            18328192     11.30%     87.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            11302199      6.97%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             4922011      3.03%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2609014      1.61%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              930397      0.57%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              421331      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       162244149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  230632      7.18%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      7.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                2590896     80.61%     87.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                392432     12.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1211493      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             165364025     62.49%     62.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               786761      0.30%     63.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               7038559      2.66%     65.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             1211557      0.46%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             66257169     25.04%     91.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            22734411      8.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              264603975                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.628836                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     3213960                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.012146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          689757647                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         437892717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    258330357                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             4986269                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            4261617                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2393080                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              264097165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 2509277                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         18796485                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     30390155                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        14027                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       322538                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     10621363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        52082                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1836068                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                14114838                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                500285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           331601110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            108836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              87039742                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             31137080                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               2060                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 401860                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 61208                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         322538                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         680213                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       929259                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1609472                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             262268386                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              65330198                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           2335589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     87858182                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 14520351                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   22527984                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.614459                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      261554043                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     260723437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 208617070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 375029707                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.604949                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.556268                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       110244875                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            1245                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1552031                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    147195030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.503878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.943897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     47434016     32.23%     32.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     57618157     39.14%     71.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14262797      9.69%     81.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11889308      8.08%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4213027      2.86%     92.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2877009      1.95%     93.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       914800      0.62%     94.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1061572      0.72%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6924344      4.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    147195030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            132071192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              221363384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       77165304                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      56649587                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   12326938                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    2162459                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 219019985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               797818                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1176721      0.53%      0.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        134111832     60.58%     61.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          772953      0.35%     61.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          7031501      3.18%     64.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        1105073      0.50%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        56649587     25.59%     90.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       20515717      9.27%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         221363384                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               6924344                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    471878945                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   678308439                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            2694                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          205541                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   132071192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     221363384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.230016                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.230016                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.812998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.812998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                454025160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               236935746                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   3267968                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  2053127                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 102766500                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 60037026                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               135494920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                   1689                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                56                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1448.236298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            66889390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              2008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          33311.449203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1448.236298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.353573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.353573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.476562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         133785736                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        133785736                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     46375033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46375033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     20513891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20513891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      66888924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         66888924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     66888924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        66888924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           2940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          2940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     68941167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68941167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    128874548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    128874548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    197815715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197815715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    197815715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197815715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     46376133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46376133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     20515731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20515731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     66891864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     66891864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     66891864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     66891864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62673.788182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62673.788182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70040.515217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70040.515217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67284.256803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67284.256803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67284.256803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67284.256803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           82                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           13                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                13                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     36256250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36256250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    125371702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125371702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    161627952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161627952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    161627952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161627952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77470.619658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77470.619658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68173.845568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68173.845568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70059.797139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70059.797139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70059.797139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70059.797139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              5865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1646.159130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            26003921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3317.249777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1646.159130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.803789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.803789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          898                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.963867                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          52037036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         52037036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     26003921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        26003921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      26003921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         26003921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     26003921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        26003921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        10528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         10528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        10528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          10528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        10528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         10528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    430452747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    430452747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    430452747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    430452747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    430452747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    430452747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     26014449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26014449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     26014449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     26014449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     26014449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     26014449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40886.469130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40886.469130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40886.469130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40886.469130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40886.469130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40886.469130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1891                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.535714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    322188751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322188751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    322188751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    322188751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    322188751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    322188751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39585.790761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39585.790761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39585.790761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39585.790761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39585.790761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39585.790761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         2629.714027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs               4366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             3947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.106157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.821104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2311.277195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   315.615728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.070535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.009632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.080253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.120453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            86769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           86769                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         4327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data           35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total           13                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         4327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            4370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         4327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           43                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           4370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data          298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total          298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         1533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          5478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         5478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    268162500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     35336500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    114204250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    114204250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    268162500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    149540750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    417703250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    268162500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    149540750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    417703250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         7840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          299                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          299                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         1541                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1541                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         7840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         9848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         7840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         9848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.448087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.925054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.474901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996656                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996656                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.448087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.978586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.556255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.448087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.978586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.556255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76334.329633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81797.453704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76932.572877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74497.227658                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74497.227658                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76334.329633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76102.162850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76251.049653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76334.329633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76102.162850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76251.049653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    224321500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     29932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254253500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5280798                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5280798                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     95023750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95023750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    224321500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    124955750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349277250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    224321500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    124955750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349277250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.448087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.925054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.474901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996656                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996656                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.448087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.978586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.556255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.448087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.978586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.556255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63854.682607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69287.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64449.556401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17720.798658                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17720.798658                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61985.485975                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61985.485975                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63854.682607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63590.712468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63759.994524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63854.682607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63590.712468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63759.994524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           8606                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          8605                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           13                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          299                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          299                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1541                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1541                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        15978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         4627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total             20605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       501696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       129344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total             631040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                         299                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples        10459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1              10459    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total          10459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        5242500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      12871748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       3552548                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        11550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total        11550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       350528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       350528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  350528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5775    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29627952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
