
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000727                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   727072500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  727072500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 639322                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   639300                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              929601467                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 223596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      500001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        500001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             25792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data             29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                54848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        25792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           25792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             35473766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             39963002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                75436769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        35473766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35473766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            35473766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            39963002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               75436769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       124435                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          8                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   124443                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                       56340                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   56350                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       180775                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         18                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   180793                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      500020                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        13                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  500033                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                          1454145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                      500001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                        500001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                474689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       14357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        38180                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                       474689                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads              654286                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             371542                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  16                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        180793                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      124443                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      56350                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    1454145                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                             59023                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18814      3.76%      3.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    300388     60.08%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       2      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      2      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   124443     24.89%     88.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   56350     11.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                     500019                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           287.258890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              180321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            397.182819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   287.258890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.070132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.070132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.110840                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            362004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           362004                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       124120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        56201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          56201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        180321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           180321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       180321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          180321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     17325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7645000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7645000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     24970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     24970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     24970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     24970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       124435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        56340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       180775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       180775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     16852500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16852500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7436500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7436500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     24289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     24289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           265.012564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              499617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1239.744417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   265.012564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.129401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.129401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.196777                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1000443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1000443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       499617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          499617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        499617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           499617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       499617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          499617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22165500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22165500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22165500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22165500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22165500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22165500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       500020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       500020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       500020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       500020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       500020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       500020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55001.240695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55001.240695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55001.240695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55001.240695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55001.240695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55001.240695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53501.240695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53501.240695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53501.240695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53501.240695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53501.240695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53501.240695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          481.541188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   265.019216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   216.521972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.008088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.014695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          714                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.021912                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             7713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            7713                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     16537500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37695500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7297500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7297500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     23835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     44993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     23835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     44993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52501.240695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.696379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52501.240695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.583431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52501.240695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.583431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16321500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12757500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5629500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5629500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16321500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     18387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34708500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16321500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     18387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34708500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            718                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           718                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          139                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          139                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              1714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        25792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        29056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              54848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                857    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         428500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        604500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        681000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        54848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   54848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     857    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              857500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4285500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
