
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.286250                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1286249817500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1286249817500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1412500                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1412500                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1956550284                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 303116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   657.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   928587629                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     928587629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            137792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          18465664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             18603456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       137792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          137792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             288526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                290679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               107127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             14356203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14463330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          107127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             107127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3317950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3317950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3317950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              107127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            14356203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17781280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    237510597                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     194650                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                237705247                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    98301200                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      6871                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                98308071                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    335811797                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     201521                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                336013318                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   928789151                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       105                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               928789256                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   37                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2572499635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   928587629                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     928587629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             822136244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               33439365                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    37048314                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     79645038                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    822136244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      33439365                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1066359180                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          614731604                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             35725528                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            24235554                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     336013318                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   237705247                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   98308071                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2572499635                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                         123111018                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass              86206875      9.28%      9.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 486529511     52.38%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7040      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                13018262      1.40%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                 3826477      0.41%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                 3187663      0.34%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      4      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                237705247     25.59%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                98308071     10.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  928789150                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            776432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4094.261321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           335031269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            780528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            429.236708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1046537000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4094.261321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         672404122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        672404122                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    236799083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       236799083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     98232186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       98232186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     335031269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        335031269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    335031269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       335031269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       711514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        711514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        69014                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        69014                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       780528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         780528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       780528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        780528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  18568558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18568558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3696398000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3696398000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  22264956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22264956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  22264956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22264956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    237510597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    237510597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    335811797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    335811797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    335811797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    335811797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26097.248965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26097.248965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53560.118237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53560.118237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28525.505811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28525.505811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28525.505811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28525.505811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        91660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             91660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       711514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        69014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       780528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       780528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17501287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17501287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3592877000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3592877000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21094164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21094164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21094164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21094164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24597.248965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24597.248965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52060.118237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52060.118237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27025.505811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27025.505811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27025.505811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27025.505811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              4618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1474.486238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           928782983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          150580.898671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1474.486238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.719964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.719964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.756836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1857584470                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1857584470                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    928782983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       928782983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     928782983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        928782983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    928782983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       928782983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         6168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         6168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         6168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    170610500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170610500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    170610500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    170610500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    170610500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    170610500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    928789151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    928789151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    928789151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    928789151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    928789151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    928789151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27660.586900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27660.586900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27660.586900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27660.586900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27660.586900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27660.586900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    161358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26160.586900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26160.586900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26160.586900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26160.586900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26160.586900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26160.586900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           257900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        32657.894008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             518578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           290634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.784299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2768.249705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    50.156527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 29839.487776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.084480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.910629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998962                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          7386496                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         7386496                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         4015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       489636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         493651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks        91660                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total        91660                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         4015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       492002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          496017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         4015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       492002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         496017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       221878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       224031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        66648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        66648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       288526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        290679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       288526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       290679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    113033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11648595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11761628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3499020000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3499020000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    113033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  15147615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15260648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    113033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  15147615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15260648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       711514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       717682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        91660                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total        91660                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        69014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        69014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       780528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       786696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       780528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       786696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.349060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.312159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965717                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.965717                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.349060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.369493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.349060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.369493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52500.232234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.002232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52500.232234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.001720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52500.232234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.001720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       221878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        66648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        66648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       288526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       290679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       288526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       290679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87196500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8986059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9073255500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2699244000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2699244000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87196500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11685303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11772499500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87196500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11685303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11772499500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.349060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.349060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.369493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.349060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.369493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         717682                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        717682                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback        91660                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        69014                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        69014                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        12336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1652716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           1665052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       394752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     55820032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           56214784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       878356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             878356    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         878356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      530838000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       9252000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1170792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              224031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             224031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             66683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             66648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            66648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       648041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 648041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     22871168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22871168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            357362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  357362    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              357362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           636219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1453395500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
