
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.922414                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1922413663500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1922413663500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 912210                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   912209                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            31217732593                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 318584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    61.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56174594                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56174594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            850624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24859584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25711168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       850624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          850624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7404352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7404352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                401737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               442477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12931444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13374420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          442477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             442477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3851591                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3851591                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3851591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              442477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12931444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17226012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        401737                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       157245                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      401737                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     157245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25705152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   8387264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25711168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               10063680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       94                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   26167                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            130                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               24970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               24777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                8677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                8490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                8549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                8030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                8241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               8187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               8644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          46                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1922401791500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  401737                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 157245                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    401629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     6794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     1278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     1151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     1489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     1383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     1604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     2104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     1761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     1877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     2468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     2834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                     2127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                     1812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                     1264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                     1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        64754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      526.491275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     319.634857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     416.364161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14682     22.67%     22.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11626     17.95%     40.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5040      7.78%     48.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3263      5.04%     53.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2595      4.01%     57.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1540      2.38%     59.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1251      1.93%     61.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1707      2.64%     64.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        23050     35.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          64754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        85.326110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3076.141166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           4704     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        27.841725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.684188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       62.214453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-31            4459     94.73%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-47              47      1.00%     95.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-63              10      0.21%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-79               2      0.04%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-95              12      0.25%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-111              3      0.06%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-143             7      0.15%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-159            17      0.36%     96.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-175            21      0.45%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-191            12      0.25%     97.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-207            17      0.36%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-223             2      0.04%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-239             5      0.11%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-255             3      0.06%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-287             1      0.02%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::288-303             2      0.04%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::304-319             4      0.08%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::320-335            11      0.23%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::336-351            21      0.45%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::352-367             6      0.13%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::368-383             6      0.13%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::384-399             6      0.13%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::448-463             1      0.02%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::464-479             8      0.17%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::480-495             2      0.04%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::496-511             2      0.04%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::512-527             5      0.11%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::528-543             2      0.04%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::544-559             3      0.06%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::560-575             1      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::640-655             1      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::672-687             3      0.06%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::688-703             1      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::720-735             2      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::800-815             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::832-847             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2057087750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9587894000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2008215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5121.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23871.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        5.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     360176                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    107764                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  82.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3439112.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  240309720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  131121375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1565148000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                421647120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           125562446880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            64744742475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1096652245500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1289317661070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              670.677845                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1824141880650                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     64193480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     34074451850                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  249230520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  135988875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1567667400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                427563360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           125562446880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            65411599725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1096067283000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1289421779760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              670.732006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1823167298902                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     64193480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     35049033598                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9063642                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10324                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728853                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6355525                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1142                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15419167                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11466                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020784                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4974414                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5010                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4979424                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3844827327                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56174594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56174594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52047018                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324460                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1483106                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6467546                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52047018                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324460                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71310653                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38515122                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166520                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15471782                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9100493                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6371289                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3587399919.998134                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               257427407.001866                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.066954                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.933046                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           8421188                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               3200330      5.70%      5.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  36225212     64.47%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    61016      0.11%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   38087      0.07%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    3636      0.01%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  9327578     16.60%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6377363     11.35%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                 953205      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   56186427                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6376                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211986                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74892     40.89%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1932      1.05%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106213     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183168                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73525     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1932      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73525     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149113                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1857939859000     96.65%     96.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                91692000      0.00%     96.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               740049500      0.04%     96.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             63641329000      3.31%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1922412929500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981747                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692241                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814078                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4177      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175947     91.21%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6833      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5157      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192894                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5905                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1740                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2095                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1910                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1740                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323455                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081146                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392197                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        46428613000      2.42%      2.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5237727500      0.27%      2.69% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1870746587000     97.31%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4178                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1391374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.978196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            14046325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1391886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.091577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         112435250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.978196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63144735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63144735                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7812525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7812525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5851580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5851580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       182969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       182969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199234                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199234                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13664105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13664105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13664105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13664105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1070248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1070248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17287                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17287                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1374617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1374617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1374617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1374617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30897353500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30897353500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11699394130                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11699394130                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    229714500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    229714500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  42596747630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42596747630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  42596747630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42596747630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8882773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8882773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6155949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6155949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199234                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199234                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15038722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15038722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15038722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15038722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086325                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086325                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28869.340097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28869.340097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38438.192227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38438.192227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13288.280211                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13288.280211                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30988.084412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30988.084412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30988.084412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30988.084412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            835634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1070248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1070248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17287                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17287                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1374617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1374617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29166094500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29166094500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11190140370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11190140370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    203771000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203771000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40356234870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40356234870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40356234870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40356234870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1432759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1432759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2025445000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2025445000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3458204000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3458204000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086325                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086325                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27251.715957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27251.715957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36765.046276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36765.046276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11787.528200                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11787.528200                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29358.166580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29358.166580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29358.166580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29358.166580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 206747.330447                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206747.330447                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209890.673575                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209890.673575                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 208576.839566                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208576.839566                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            928205                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.070911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            55257552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            928716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             59.498869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       42087191250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.070911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.992326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          57115304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         57115304                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55257552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55257552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55257552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55257552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55257552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55257552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       928876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        928876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       928876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         928876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       928876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        928876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13004894000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13004894000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13004894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13004894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13004894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13004894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56186428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56186428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56186428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56186428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56186428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56186428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14000.678239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14000.678239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14000.678239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14000.678239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14000.678239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14000.678239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       928876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       928876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       928876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11606411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11606411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11606411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11606411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11606411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11606411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12495.113449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12495.113449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12495.113449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12495.113449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12495.113449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12495.113449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           336253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65287.674931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            2448546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           401415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             6.099787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       7245222750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 55515.781465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4753.205077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  5018.688389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.847104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.076579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1009                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         25957144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        25957144                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       915565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       815571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1731136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       835634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       835634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187495                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187495                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       915565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1003066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1918631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       915565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1003066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1918631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        13291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       271964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       285255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        402112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       402112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1064072500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19718835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20782907500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       220998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       220998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8916531881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8916531881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1064072500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  28635366881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  29699439381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1064072500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  28635366881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  29699439381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       928856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1087535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2016391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       835634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304352                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304352                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       928856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1391887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2320743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       928856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1391887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2320743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80059.626815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72505.313203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72857.294351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16999.846154                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16999.846154                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76302.933337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76302.933337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80059.626815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73646.657153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73858.624913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80059.626815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73646.657153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73858.624913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        74181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            74181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       285255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       402112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       402112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    897481500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16318511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17215992500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       327511                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       327511                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7455368119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7455368119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    897481500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23773879119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24671360619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    897481500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23773879119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24671360619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1335739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1335739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1899995000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1899995000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3235734000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3235734000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67525.505981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60002.467238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60352.991183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25193.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25193.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63799.071677                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63799.071677                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67525.505981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61143.505929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61354.450051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67525.505981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61143.505929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61354.450051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 192747.330447                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 192747.330447                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 196890.673575                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 196890.673575                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 195158.866104                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 195158.866104                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2023514                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2023497                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       835634                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41588                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       304352                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304352                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1857732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3652758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           5510490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     59446784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142615892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          202062676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                       41937                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3214755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        1.012990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.113233                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            3172994     98.70%     98.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2              41761      1.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3214755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2426956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       234000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1395898500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2188894130                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2706172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           242042219                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42024000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.342966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1756462668000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.342966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.083935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.083935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21714383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21714383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8755465836                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   8755465836                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21714383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     21714383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21714383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     21714383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125516.664740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125516.664740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 210711.056893                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210711.056893                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125516.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125516.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125516.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125516.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         72960                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9989                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.304034                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12562383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12562383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6594761836                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6594761836                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12562383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12562383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12562383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12562383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72614.930636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72614.930636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 158711.056893                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158711.056893                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72614.930636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72614.930636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72614.930636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72614.930636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              292358                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292358                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            115693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       878158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       911318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1036122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30457792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30502356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5317056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5317056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                35819412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              431                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            576169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  576169    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              576169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1195840311                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2144408870                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           42495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
