
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.887179                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1887179292000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1887179292000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 271909                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   271909                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             9140545464                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 373988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   206.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56138893                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56138893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1052544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24858944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25912448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1052544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1052544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7556224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7556224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              16446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                404882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          118066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               118066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               557734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             13172540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13730782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          557734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             557734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4003978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4003978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4003978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              557734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            13172540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17734760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        404882                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       159618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      404882                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     159618                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25905920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   8528320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25912448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               10215552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      102                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   26335                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            157                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                8901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                8465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                9022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                8725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                8062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                8096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                8269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               8104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               8200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               9100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               8794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          50                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1887170570500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  404882                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 159618                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    402496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     6995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     1130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     1335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     1390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     1841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     1811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     1859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     1873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     1976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     2613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     2770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                     2154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                     1746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                     1261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                     1211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        64763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      531.696185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     324.957517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     415.417041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14664     22.64%     22.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11016     17.01%     39.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5432      8.39%     48.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3093      4.78%     52.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2464      3.80%     56.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1908      2.95%     59.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1486      2.29%     61.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1430      2.21%     64.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        23270     35.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          64763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        82.503669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3015.330482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           4903     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        27.161639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.352681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       61.394400                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-31            4666     95.11%     95.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-47              49      1.00%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-63               4      0.08%     96.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-79               5      0.10%     96.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-95               7      0.14%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-111              1      0.02%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-127             2      0.04%     96.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-143             7      0.14%     96.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-159            21      0.43%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-175            22      0.45%     97.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-191             9      0.18%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-207            10      0.20%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-223             3      0.06%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-239             2      0.04%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-255             2      0.04%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-271             3      0.06%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-287             2      0.04%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::288-303             2      0.04%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::304-319             3      0.06%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::320-335            19      0.39%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::336-351             9      0.18%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::352-367             5      0.10%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::368-383            13      0.26%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::384-399             3      0.06%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::400-415             1      0.02%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::432-447             1      0.02%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::448-463             3      0.06%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::464-479             5      0.10%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::480-495             3      0.06%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::496-511             8      0.16%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::512-527             2      0.04%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::528-543             1      0.02%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::544-559             3      0.06%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::560-575             1      0.02%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::656-671             1      0.02%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::672-687             3      0.06%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::704-719             1      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::720-735             3      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::816-831             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2145475500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9735100500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2023900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5300.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24050.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        5.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     363650                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    109622                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  82.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3343083.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  239016960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  130416000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1577401800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                430058160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           123261212880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            60604997490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1079143932000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1265387035290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              670.518464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1795039940480                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     63016980000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     29120110770                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  250591320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  136731375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1579882200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                433434240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           123261212880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            61665698520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1078213500750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1265541051285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              670.600071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1793490285480                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     63016980000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     30669779520                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                15009390                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          13017239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            373223                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9937559                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 5199343                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             52.320122                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  808599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              32086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9244571                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      17796                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           211                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   766653                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6387559                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2314                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          160                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  298430                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15632130                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      20110                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           371                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1065083                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4016391                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6902                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          656                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4023293                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                        180739367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56138893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56138893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       2514465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                      5513                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   3593619217                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.cpi                               3.219504                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.310607                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6376                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211474                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74790     40.94%     40.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     41.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1901      1.04%     42.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  105866     57.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               182688                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73423     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1901      1.28%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73423     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                148878                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1834553179500     97.21%     97.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                80704500      0.00%     97.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               676355500      0.04%     97.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             51868058000      2.75%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1887178297500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981722                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.693547                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814930                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4172      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175529     91.23%     93.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6805      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5126      2.66%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192412                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5872                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2092                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1907                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1739                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   168                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.324762                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.080306                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.393074                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        36563872500      1.94%      1.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           4128201000      0.22%      2.16% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1846486214000     97.84%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4173                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.tickCycles                        84425844                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        96313523                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1395605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.981737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            13777018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1396117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              9.868097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          90985250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.981737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63673578                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63673578                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7816852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7816852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5578390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5578390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       182745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       182745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       198996                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       198996                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13395242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13395242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13395242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13395242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1201883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1201883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       573228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       573228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17271                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17271                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1775111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1775111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1775111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1775111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33009196500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33009196500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22459728804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22459728804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    231661750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    231661750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  55468925304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  55468925304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  55468925304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  55468925304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      9018735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9018735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6151618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6151618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200016                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200016                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       198996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       198996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15170353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15170353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15170353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15170353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.133265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.093183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.093183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086348                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086348                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27464.567267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27464.567267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39181.143985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39181.143985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13413.337386                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13413.337386                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31248.144653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31248.144653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31248.144653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31248.144653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       838424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            838424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       127263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       268960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       268960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       396223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       396223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       396223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       396223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1074620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1074620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17268                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17268                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1378888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1378888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1378888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1378888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29346931250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29346931250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11233755093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11233755093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    205574750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205574750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40580686343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40580686343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40580686343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40580686343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1433335500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1433335500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2017328500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2017328500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3450664000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3450664000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049461                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049461                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27309.124388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27309.124388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36920.593335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36920.593335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11904.954251                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11904.954251                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29430.009067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29430.009067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29430.009067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29430.009067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 206830.519481                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206830.519481                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209723.308036                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209723.308036                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 208511.934256                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208511.934256                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1458527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.440030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            18957390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1459038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             12.993075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       33850944250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   509.440030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.995000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          21875821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         21875821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     18957393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        18957393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      18957393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         18957393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     18957393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        18957393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1459214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1459214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1459214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1459214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1459214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1459214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20146503654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20146503654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20146503654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20146503654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20146503654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20146503654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     20416607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20416607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     20416607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     20416607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     20416607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     20416607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13806.407870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13806.407870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13806.407870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13806.407870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13806.407870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13806.407870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1459214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1459214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1459214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1459214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1459214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1459214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17950426346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17950426346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17950426346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17950426346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17950426346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17950426346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12301.435119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12301.435119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12301.435119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12301.435119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12301.435119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12301.435119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           339383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65314.882486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            2982705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           404543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             7.373023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       6335415750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 54442.497002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  5830.422847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  5041.962637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.830727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.088965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.076934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994263                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         30258908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        30258908                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1442704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       819672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        2262376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       838424                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       838424                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187612                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187612                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      1442704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1007284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2449988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1442704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1007284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2449988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        16447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       272188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       288635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116662                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116662                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        405297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       405297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1321749250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19747496500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21069245750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       254997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       254997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8955533859                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8955533859                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1321749250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  28703030359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30024779609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1321749250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  28703030359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30024779609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1459151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1091860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2551011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       838424                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       838424                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1459151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1396134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2855285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1459151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1396134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2855285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.818182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80364.154557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72550.944568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72996.156911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14166.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14166.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76764.789383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76764.789383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80364.154557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73815.173869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74080.932277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80364.154557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73815.173869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74080.932277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        76554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            76554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       272188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       288635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       405297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       405297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1115769250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16346505000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17462274250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       421016                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       421016                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7497021141                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7497021141                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1115769250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23843526141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24959295391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1115769250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23843526141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24959295391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1336297500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1336297500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1892281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1892281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3228578500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3228578500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67840.290022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60055.935603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60499.503698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23389.777778                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23389.777778                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64262.751719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64262.751719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67840.290022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61318.056168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61582.729186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67840.290022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61318.056168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61582.729186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 192827.922078                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 192827.922078                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 196723.256056                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 196723.256056                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 195092.059943                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 195092.059943                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2558177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2558144                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9619                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9619                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       838424                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41594                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       304274                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304274                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2918365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3663990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6582355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     93385664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    143064988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          236450652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                       41986                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3752110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        1.011132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.104918                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            3710343     98.89%     98.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2              41767      1.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3752110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2698405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       234000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    2192449154                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2195119407                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51171                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9619                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2705924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           242104189                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23479000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42024001                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.302269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1729988196000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.302269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.081392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.081392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21714383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21714383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8768796805                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   8768796805                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21714383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     21714383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21714383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     21714383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125516.664740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125516.664740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 211031.883062                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211031.883062                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125516.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125516.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125516.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125516.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         73108                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9982                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.323983                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12562383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12562383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6608090807                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6608090807                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12562383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12562383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12562383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12562383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72614.930636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72614.930636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 159031.834978                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159031.834978                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72614.930636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72614.930636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72614.930636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72614.930636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              295738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            118066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       886877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       920007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1044811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30810944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30855260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5317056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5317056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                36172316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            581705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  581705    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              581705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            29342000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1229889311                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               20500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2160670093                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           42495999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
