
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.133731                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5133731116500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5133731116500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 268887                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   534560                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5655392824                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1025452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   907.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   244084329                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485251122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           445760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5319424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           180800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1995776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         2240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           334336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          3134080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11441152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       445760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       180800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       334336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          960896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9198080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9198080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             83116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             31184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              5224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             48970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                178768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          143720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               143720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               86830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1036171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               35218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              388757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               65125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              610488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2228623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          86830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          35218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          65125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             187173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1791695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1791695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1791695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              86830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1036171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              35218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             388757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              65125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             610488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4020318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         88682                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       112966                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       88682                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     112966                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5672000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6262656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5675648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7229824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   15112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           1053                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                5542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                5155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                5253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                5660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                5898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                5226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                5788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          21                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5132592336000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   88682                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 112966                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     81919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      5154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     1599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     1755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     1575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     1610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     1912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     1348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     1351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     1565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        40590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      294.012121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     173.528709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     319.654231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15917     39.21%     39.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9832     24.22%     63.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4000      9.85%     73.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2295      5.65%     78.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1624      4.00%     82.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1126      2.77%     85.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          717      1.77%     87.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          617      1.52%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4462     10.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          40590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          3784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.420983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      192.521538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            3781     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            3784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          3784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        25.859937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.216089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       44.163335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-15               82      2.17%      2.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-31            3425     90.51%     92.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-47              68      1.80%     94.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-63              12      0.32%     94.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-79               7      0.18%     94.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-95              15      0.40%     95.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-111             10      0.26%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-127            22      0.58%     96.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-143            22      0.58%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-159            17      0.45%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-175             6      0.16%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-191            22      0.58%     97.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-207            36      0.95%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-223             7      0.18%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-239             2      0.05%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-287             3      0.08%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::288-303             1      0.03%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::304-319             1      0.03%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::320-335             5      0.13%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::336-351             4      0.11%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::352-367             6      0.16%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::368-383             5      0.13%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::480-495             1      0.03%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::512-527             1      0.03%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::528-543             1      0.03%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::544-559             1      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::560-575             1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::576-591             1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            3784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1019929900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2681648650                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    443125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11508.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30258.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      70792                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     75088                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   79.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  76.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     25453227.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  147351960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   80169375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 326866800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                309938400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           250042678080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            94629197520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           2236697889750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             2582234091885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.903813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3683333970938                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    127833680000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     17533181312                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  159410160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   86781750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 364408200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                323974080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           250042678080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            95188577850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           2235010334250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             2581176164370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              667.974824                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3682508953468                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    127833680000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     18355082532                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       819384850                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   70809878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    144569383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            132504639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     914830                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14060186                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   132504639                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          242769596                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         113987635                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            82531896                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           55153606                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13358556                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    9930193                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3428363                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              778171794.138464                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              41213055.861536                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.050298                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.949702                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         15315720                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                88912      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                131019698     90.63%     90.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   57722      0.04%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    46561      0.03%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 9928558      6.87%     97.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3428363      2.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 144569814                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1636339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19643358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1636851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.000700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   232.510577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   255.541861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    23.946808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.454122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.499105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.046771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         88441515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        88441515                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4745925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2412981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4334563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11493469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3299103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1688891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      3099986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8087980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        19676                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data         9874                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data        30514                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        60064                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8045028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4101872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7434549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19581449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8064704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4111746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7465063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19641513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       345343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       160729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       822143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1328215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       125592                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        64251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       135437                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       325280                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       145872                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        63796                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data       196481                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406149                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       470935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       224980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       957580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1653495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       616807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       288776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1154061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2059644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2230470250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12318599402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14549069652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2662717793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4381161307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7043879100                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4893188043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16699760709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21592948752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4893188043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16699760709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21592948752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5091268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2573710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      5156706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12821684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3424695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1753142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3235423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8413260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       165548                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        73670                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       226995                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       466213                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8515963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4326852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8392129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21234944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8681511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4400522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8619124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21701157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.067830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.062450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.103591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036672                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.041861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038663                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.881146                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.865970                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.865574                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.871166                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.055300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.114105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.133895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13877.211020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14983.524037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10953.851336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41442.433472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32348.333963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21654.817696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21749.435697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17439.546261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13058.974325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16944.580031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14470.431553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10483.825725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       172709                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            19385                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.909414                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1546428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1546428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       384012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       384066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        32068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        33635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       416080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       417701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       416080                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       417701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       160675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       438131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       598806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       103369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       166053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63795                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       193085                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       256880                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       223359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       764859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       287154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       734585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1021739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data       186614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data       205311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       391925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         3872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data       190062                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data       209183                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       399245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1988518250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5713340764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7701859014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2470174689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3635352900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6105527589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    932249000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2770809752                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3703058752                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4458692939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9348693664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13807386603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5390941939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12119503416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17510445355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30496812500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33031149000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63527961500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    600115500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    761942500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1362058000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31096928000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33793091500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  64890019500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.062429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.084963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035755                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031949                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019737                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.865956                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.850613                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550993                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.064525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.085227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12376.027696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13040.256827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12862.027124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39406.781459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35168.695644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36768.547325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14613.198527                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14350.207173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14415.519900                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19962.002601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17264.438899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18052.198644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18773.696132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16498.435737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17137.884876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 163421.889569                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 160883.484080                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 162092.138802                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 174047.418794                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 196782.670455                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 186073.497268                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 163614.652061                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 161547.981911                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 162531.827575                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           871419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.241344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          127964014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           871931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           146.759335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     150504235000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   260.667168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   143.237667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   106.336510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.509116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.279761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.207688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        129734477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       129734477                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     86118928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     38597787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3247299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      127964014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     86118928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     38597787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3247299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       127964014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     86118928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     38597787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3247299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      127964014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       294029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       171033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       433450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       898512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       294029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       171033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       433450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        898512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       294029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       171033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       433450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       898512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2424026997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5943573307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8367600304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2424026997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5943573307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8367600304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2424026997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5943573307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8367600304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     86412957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     38768820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3680749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    128862526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     86412957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     38768820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3680749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    128862526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     86412957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     38768820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3680749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    128862526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14172.861360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13712.246642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9312.730719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14172.861360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13712.246642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9312.730719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14172.861360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13712.246642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9312.730719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              313                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.878594                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        26561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        26561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        26561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        26561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        26561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        26561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       171033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       406889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       577922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       171033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       406889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       577922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       171033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       406889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       577922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2166425503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5084799831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7251225334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2166425503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5084799831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7251225334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2166425503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5084799831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7251225334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.110545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.110545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.110545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12666.710535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12496.773889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12547.065753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12666.710535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12496.773889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12547.065753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12666.710535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12496.773889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12547.065753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2604016269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   35221864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     68477973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             63543554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     474559                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6488284                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    63543554                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          117503426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          54764358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            35994299                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           26824776                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4585615                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2831531                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1754084                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2478252415.347472                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              125763853.652528                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.048296                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.951704                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          7131846                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                33642      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 63809884     93.18%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   28068      0.04%     93.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22761      0.03%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2829816      4.13%     97.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1754084      2.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  68478255                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               29642945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         29642945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           342109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26793966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               26087449                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.363149                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 617263                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             68240                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       154815215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          11226493                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     146138571                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   29642945                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26704712                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                    142088964                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 715876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                    100355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             9800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        59006                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           22                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1044                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3680756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               177933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3589                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         153848066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.868751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.040918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                97905187     63.64%     63.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  902052      0.59%     64.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23780045     15.46%     79.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  607949      0.40%     80.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  861058      0.56%     80.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  871308      0.57%     81.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  586027      0.38%     81.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  774714      0.50%     82.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27559726     17.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           153848066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.191473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.943955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10308577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             93114688                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 23867360                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              5032797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                358589                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             284536277                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                358589                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                12446525                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               76456474                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4505534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 26483485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             12431465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             283232358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents               203213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5874103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 62488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               4343022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          338256341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            618855518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       379959971                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups              144                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            325490778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                12765563                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            164991                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        166448                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 24511654                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6973831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3905800                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           411343                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          337090                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 281177337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             428187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                278961410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           111637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9401758                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14188384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         65116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    153848066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.813227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.402216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           90533816     58.85%     58.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5362080      3.49%     62.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3874219      2.52%     64.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3850508      2.50%     67.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           22615321     14.70%     82.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2805299      1.82%     83.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           24069627     15.65%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             503741      0.33%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             233455      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      153848066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1762451     85.95%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     85.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                222010     10.83%     96.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                66103      3.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            83756      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            267874850     96.03%     96.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               60171      0.02%     96.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                55540      0.02%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 52      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7279557      2.61%     98.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3607484      1.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             278961410                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.801899                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2050564                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007351                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         713932890                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        291011736                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    277302749                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                197                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               156                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             280928122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     96                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          764231                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1280710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         6256                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5226                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       665708                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       750625                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        30616                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                358589                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               70562607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2840752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          281605524                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            45396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6973831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3905800                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            251212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                165628                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2346507                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          5226                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        195667                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       202777                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              398444                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            278332986                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7126227                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           571848                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    10641796                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                28281444                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3515569                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.797840                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     278129863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    277302825                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                216123267                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                354504830                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.791186                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609648                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9397385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         363071                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           345314                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    152442881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.785612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.660258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     94319401     61.87%     61.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4425348      2.90%     64.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1302226      0.85%     65.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24740165     16.23%     81.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       979797      0.64%     82.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       733746      0.48%     82.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       423992      0.28%     83.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23324047     15.30%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2194159      1.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    152442881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           138052587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             272203766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8933213                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5693121                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     162094                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27859693                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                        48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                248852946                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              461863                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        49962      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       263110099     96.66%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          57933      0.02%     96.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           52599      0.02%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            16      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5693065      2.09%     98.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3240092      1.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        272203766                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2194159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   431819572                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  564614589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         120593                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         967149                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4904349916                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  138052587                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    272203766                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.121422                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.121422                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.891725                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.891725                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               371027158                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              222252306                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    72988                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   72912                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                141449053                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               108603776                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               90794642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                144161                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              3553347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             3553347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57679                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              10959                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1698                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1698                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      7082616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      7126806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 7225448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      3541308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      3569512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  6604072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2741680                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              6074000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                16000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            141309000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy               86000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy            10492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy           155889253                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           301765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            31644993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47568                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.079964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000587823009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.079964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.004998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428607                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428607                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          903                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              903                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128377230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    128377230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5164742030                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   5164742030                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128377230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    128377230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128377230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    128377230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 142167.475083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142167.475083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 110546.704409                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110546.704409                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 142167.475083                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142167.475083                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 142167.475083                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142167.475083                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         17612                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2632                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.691489                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28264                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        28264                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     86423212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86423212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3695010034                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3695010034                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     86423212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86423212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     86423212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86423212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.887043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.604966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.887043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.887043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 107894.147316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107894.147316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 130732.027809                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130732.027809                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 107894.147316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107894.147316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 107894.147316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107894.147316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   105369                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64830.626845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3705679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   169446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.869380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   50858.096780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.134526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1601.427587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     5289.246768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      232.896636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1549.888722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     7.632040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1227.720144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     4063.582728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.776033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.024436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.080708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.003554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.023649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.018734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.062005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.989237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64077                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        51563                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977737                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 33969935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                33969935                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             287050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             476755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        13141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             168208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             219838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        66288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        13297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             401625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             617193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2301274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1546428                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1546428                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             105                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              47                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              96                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 248                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            55987                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            35553                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            67356                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               158896                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         19552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         10771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              287050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              532742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         13141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          7558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              168208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              255391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         66288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         13297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              401625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              684549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2460172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             287050                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             532742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        13141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             168208                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             255391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        66288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        13297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             401625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             684549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2460172                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            14460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             5226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            13983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                48133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           556                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           254                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           614                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1424                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          68944                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          26842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          35344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             131130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             83404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             31474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              5226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             49327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                179263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            83404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2825                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            31474                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             5226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            49327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               179263                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        82500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    229197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    387947750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3073999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    450638500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1224001500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2294941249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5739854                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7551262                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     13291116                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2024405687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2802525365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4826931052                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        82500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    229197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2412353437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3073999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    450638500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4026526865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      7121872301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        82500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    229197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2412353437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3073999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    450638500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4026526865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     7121872301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         294016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         491215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        13142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         171033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         224470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        66323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        13297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         406851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         631176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2349407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1546428                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1546428                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          661                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          301                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          710                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1672                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124931                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        62395                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       102700                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           290026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          294016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          616146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        13142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          171033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          286865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        66323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        13297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          406851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          733876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2639435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         294016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         616146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        13142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         171033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         286865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        66323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        13297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         406851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         733876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2639435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.023693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.029437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.016517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.020635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.012845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.022154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.020487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.841150                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.843854                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.864789                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.851675                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.430195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.344148                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.452132                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.023693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.135364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.016517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.109717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.012845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.067214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.067917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.023693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.135364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.016517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.109717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.012845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.067214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.067917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        82500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81131.681416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83753.832038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 87828.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86230.099502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87534.971036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47679.165001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22597.850394                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12298.472313                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9333.648876                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75419.331160                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79292.818159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36810.272645                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        82500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81131.681416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76645.912086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 87828.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86230.099502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81629.267237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39728.623871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        82500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81131.681416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76645.912086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 87828.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86230.099502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81629.267237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39728.623871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               97053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    97053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        13983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          254                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          614                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          868                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        26842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        35344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         62186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        31474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            88886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        31474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           88886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data       186614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data       205311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       391925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         3872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data       190062                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data       209183                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       399245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        70000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    193782500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    330037250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2632999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    385025750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1049073500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1960621999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5213239                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10949612                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16162851                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1688636313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2360590135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4049226448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        70000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    193782500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2018673563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2632999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    385025750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3409663635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6009848447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        70000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    193782500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2018673563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2632999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    385025750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3409663635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6009848447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27827045500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30156785500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  57983831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    554838500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    711575000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1266413500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28381884000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30868360500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59250244500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.843854                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.864789                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519139                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.430195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.344148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.109717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.033676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.109717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        70000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 68595.575221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71251.565199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 75228.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73703.244640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75024.923121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73431.535543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20524.562992                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17833.244300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18620.796083                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62910.226995                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66788.992050                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65114.759721                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        70000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 68595.575221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64137.814164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 75228.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73703.244640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69123.677398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67612.992451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        70000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 68595.575221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64137.814164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 75228.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73703.244640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69123.677398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67612.992451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 149115.529917                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 146883.437809                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 147946.242266                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 160916.038283                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 183774.535124                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 173007.308743                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 149329.608233                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 147566.296018                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 148405.727060                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5117226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5117226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            143720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      7126806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      3037388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       457961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total     10622155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       141555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       141555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               10767106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         6792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      3569512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      6074773                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17637504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     27281789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      6011648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      6011648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33300229                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              820                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5455844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.000311                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.017639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 5454146     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                    1698      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5455844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           234105000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           304102500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2302000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           670380805                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            1151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1321113701                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           32422007                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           29                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            7449528                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7448995                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             13907                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            13907                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1546428                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        28278                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1672                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1672                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           290026                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          290026                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::MessageReq            1151                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1743864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     14988008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        73882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       225048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              17030802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     55802432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    213393597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       274152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       823488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              270293669                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           74263                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9350095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.022573                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.148538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                9139035     97.74%     97.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 211060      2.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            9350095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2511915480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         868906655                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1944011740                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          26208491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          98848126                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
