
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000027                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    27482500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   27482500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  15220                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    15220                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28973949                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 223564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       14436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         14436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                31488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            801091604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            344655690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1145747294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       801091604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          801091604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           801091604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           344655690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1145747294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           492                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         492                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    31488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     31488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                   2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        27431000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     492                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples           71                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      404.732394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     270.110571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     339.824701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             13     18.31%     18.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           18     25.35%     43.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383            9     12.68%     56.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511            7      9.86%     66.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      9.86%     76.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            1      1.41%     77.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      5.63%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      2.82%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10     14.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total             71                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        3613750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12838750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7345.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26095.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1145.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                     1145.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           8.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       8.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.53                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        412                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   83.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        55754.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      83.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     302400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     165000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   2059200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                1525680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               15743115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy                 361500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 20156895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              853.427679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         520250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF          780000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        22332250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     226800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     123750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   1318200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                1525680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               15564420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy                 518250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 19277100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              816.177825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE        2637000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF          780000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        22058500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    8538                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              5461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              1059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 5976                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                    3053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             51.087684                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     609                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            54966                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              14246                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          40057                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        8538                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               3662                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         15957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    2311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                    5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1048                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      6438                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   569                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              32422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.235488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.378208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    20898     64.46%     64.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     5494     16.95%     81.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      685      2.11%     83.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      505      1.56%     85.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      819      2.53%     87.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      909      2.80%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      334      1.03%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      371      1.14%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     2407      7.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                32422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.155332                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.728760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    11347                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                 12433                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      6847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   640                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   1155                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  30502                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   1155                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    11955                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    1146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           9859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      6898                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  1409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  27684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                      5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   1012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               25054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 51692                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            42838                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 13819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    11235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                767                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            786                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      3842                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 3673                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                2348                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 7                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      23655                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 726                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     21924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                54                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined            9945                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         6501                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            251                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         32422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.676208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.425800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               24009     74.05%     74.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                3087      9.52%     83.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                1572      4.85%     88.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                1483      4.57%     93.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 954      2.94%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 709      2.19%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 413      1.27%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 155      0.48%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  40      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           32422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     111     49.33%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     49     21.78%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    65     28.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 16300     74.35%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     74.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 3501     15.97%     90.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                2123      9.68%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  21924                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.398865                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         225                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.010263                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              76549                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             34352                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20244                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  22149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               34                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1448                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          900                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   1155                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    1147                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     7                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               25507                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  3673                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 2348                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                726                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      3                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            259                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 1194                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 20914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  3347                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                          1126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         5371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     4427                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       2024                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.380490                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          20501                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         20244                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                      9848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     12670                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.368300                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.777269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           10287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              1059                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        30361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        23816     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3429     11.29%     89.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1193      3.93%     93.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          637      2.10%     95.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          331      1.09%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          224      0.74%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          397      1.31%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           62      0.20%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          272      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        30361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                15162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  15162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           3673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          2225                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       3358                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     12174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          726      4.79%      4.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu            10763     70.99%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            2225     14.67%     90.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite           1448      9.55%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total             15162                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   272                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        54715                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       52974                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             200                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           22544                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                       14436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         14436                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               3.807564                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         3.807564                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.262635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.262635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    33408                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   18606                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    7133                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                    569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            98.556611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                4125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             28.061224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    98.556611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.024062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.035889                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              9489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             9489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         3086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            3086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total               6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          4119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             4119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         4119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            4119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     27538481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27538481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     36935481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     36935481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     36935481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     36935481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         3223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68591.240876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68591.240876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67331.249389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67331.249389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67647.401099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67647.401099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67647.401099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67647.401099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    47.818182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5143250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5143250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6389250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6389250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11532500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11532500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11532500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11532500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79126.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79126.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76978.915663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76978.915663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77922.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77922.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77922.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77922.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           190.975563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                5904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.063584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   190.975563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.093250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.093250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.168945                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             13222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            13222                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            5904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          5904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     37367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     37367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         6438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69975.655431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69975.655431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69975.655431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69975.655431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69975.655431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69975.655431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           57                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           57                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26526250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26526250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26526250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26526250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26526250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26526250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.053743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.053743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.053743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76665.462428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76665.462428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76665.462428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76665.462428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76665.462428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76665.462428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          224.896195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.004902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   190.368376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    34.527819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.012451                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             4443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            4443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26158750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5078750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31237500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6304750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6304750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26158750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     11383500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37542250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26158750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     11383500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37542250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76042.877907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78134.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76375.305623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75960.843373                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75960.843373                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76042.877907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76915.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76305.386179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76042.877907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76915.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76305.386179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21861250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4272750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5278250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5278250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21861250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31412250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21861250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31412250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63550.145349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65734.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63897.310513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63593.373494                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63593.373494                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63550.145349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64533.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63846.036585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63550.145349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64533.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63846.036585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            411                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           410                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           83                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           83                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        22144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         9408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              31552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                494    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         247000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        587750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port          983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        31424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   31424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     492    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2599750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
