
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.841539                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1841538755500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1841538755500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 221997                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   221997                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5796715531                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 374488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   317.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    70525499                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70525499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           467648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20091072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           147008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2148032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           308096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2634304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25797120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       467648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       147008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       308096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          922752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7481856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7481856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            313923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             33563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             41161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                403080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116904                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116904                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              253944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10909937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               79829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1166433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              167304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1430491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14008459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         253944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          79829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         167304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             501077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4062828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4062828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4062828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             253944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10909937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              79829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1166433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             167304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1430491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18071287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         81850                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        64472                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       81850                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      64472                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5236928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   3416192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5238400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4126208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   11076                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             49                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                4947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                5136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                4830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               5044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                3097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                3264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                3389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                3165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                3060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                3647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                3165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                3079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               3680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               3339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               3248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               3284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          18                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1840526879500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   81850                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  64472                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     63937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     2163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     2250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     2237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     2378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     3121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     2270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     1014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     1168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     1223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        22135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      390.924780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     222.627349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     384.024543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7145     32.28%     32.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4994     22.56%     54.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1972      8.91%     63.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1000      4.52%     68.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          834      3.77%     72.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          471      2.13%     74.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          534      2.41%     76.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          337      1.52%     78.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4848     21.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          22135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          1909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        42.863279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1017.016663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           1907     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            1909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          1909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        27.961236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.965205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       62.780578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-15               45      2.36%      2.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-31            1768     92.61%     94.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-47              14      0.73%     95.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-63               2      0.10%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-95               2      0.10%     95.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-111              1      0.05%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-127             1      0.05%     96.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-143             2      0.10%     96.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-159            11      0.58%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-175            12      0.63%     97.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-191             5      0.26%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-207             8      0.42%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-223             1      0.05%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-255             1      0.05%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::288-303             2      0.10%     98.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::304-319             2      0.10%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::320-335             6      0.31%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::336-351             5      0.26%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::352-367             2      0.10%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::384-399             2      0.10%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::400-415             1      0.05%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::448-463             1      0.05%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::480-495             2      0.10%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::496-511             2      0.10%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::528-543             3      0.16%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::544-559             4      0.21%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::560-575             1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::640-655             1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::656-671             2      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            1909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      884680000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2418936250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    409135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10811.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29561.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      70087                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     42983                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12578606.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      83.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   81814320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   44558250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 314074800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                169549200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            89055975840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            35647575705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           798651060750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             923964608865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.989912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1309028017250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     45529640000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9101184500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                   85526280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   46513500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 324175800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                176340240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            89055975840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            35475772860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           801505403250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             926669707770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              667.770193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1309231204000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     45529640000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      8903896000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4781172                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6058                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          118                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  428328                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3391530                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      675                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          82                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 163639                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8172702                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6733                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          200                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  591967                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2720050                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3046                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                          99                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2723096                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       930048733                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   31504183                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31504183                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29439494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                162688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     792913                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4107229                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29439494                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       162688                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           41004383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          21582488                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               84172                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              85625                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8202083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4802046                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3400037                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              907048310.649553                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              23000422.350447                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.024730                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.975270                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5154717                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1560474      4.95%      4.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 21056937     66.82%     71.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   31354      0.10%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12843      0.04%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1601      0.01%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4932088     15.65%     87.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3403118     10.80%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                512701      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  31511116                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6421                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211361                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74795     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1878      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105682     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182558                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73428     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1878      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73428     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148937                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1818811073000     98.77%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               38572000      0.00%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              355311500      0.02%     98.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22333065000      1.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1841538021500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694801                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815834                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4174      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175301     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6782      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5175      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192212                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1737                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2093                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1906                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1737                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.321851                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080745                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.390894                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29730845000      1.61%      1.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2571229000      0.14%      1.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1809235945500     98.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1393219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13266024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1393731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.518353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   178.252416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   164.663502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   169.081899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.348149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.321608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.330238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         63377040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        63377040                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3961674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1077685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2542197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7581556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3105087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       828848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1366589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5300524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       113741                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        51148                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184551                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       122328                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        55225                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199317                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7066761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1906533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3908786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12882080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7066761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1906533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3908786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12882080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       706841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        96965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       557653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1361459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       162721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        43998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       642629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       849348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9135                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2231                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7695                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19061                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       869562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       140963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1200282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2210807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       869562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       140963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1200282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2210807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2267399500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8210771504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10478171004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1754611010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19498280034                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21252891044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     29510000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    125540000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    155050000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       185002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       185002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4022010510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27709051538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31731062048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4022010510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27709051538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31731062048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4668515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1174650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3099850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8943015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3267808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       872846                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2009218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6149872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       122876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        58843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       122328                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199328                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      7936323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2047496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5109068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15092887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      7936323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2047496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5109068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15092887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.151406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.179897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.319840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.138108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074343                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101905                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.130772                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093614                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000199                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.234932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.234932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23383.689991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14723.800471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7696.280978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39879.335652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30341.425666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25022.595031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13227.252353                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16314.489929                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8134.410577                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16818.363636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16818.363636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28532.384455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23085.451201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14352.705617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28532.384455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23085.451201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14352.705617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       977120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1794                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            54184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.033368                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    99.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           835707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       287560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       287560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       546849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       546849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1691                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1691                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       834409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       834409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       834409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       834409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        96965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       270093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       367058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        43998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        95780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       139778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2231                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6004                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8235                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       140963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       365873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       506836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       140963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       365873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       506836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2484                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3694                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6178                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2114965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4270329509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6385294509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1680467990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3020406043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4700874033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     26161500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     72039750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98201250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       168498                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       168498                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3795432990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7290735552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11086168542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3795432990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7290735552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11086168542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    222473500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    331326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    553799500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    293979000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    446199000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    740178000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    516452500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    777525000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1293977500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050408                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.047670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022729                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101905                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.102034                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040445                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21811.633063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15810.589349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17395.873429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38194.190418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31534.830267                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33631.000823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11726.355894                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11998.625916                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11924.863388                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        15318                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15318                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26925.029901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19926.957037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21873.285524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26925.029901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19926.957037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21873.285524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 201881.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 211980.806142                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 207804.690432                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 212719.971056                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 209384.795870                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210696.840307                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 207911.634461                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 210483.216026                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209449.255422                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           964809                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.919385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           41279952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           965320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.762972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10189587250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   147.730782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   136.243694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   226.944909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.288537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.266101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.443252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         43227698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        43227698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     31004099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7794052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2481801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       41279952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     31004099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7794052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2481801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        41279952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     31004099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7794052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2481801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       41279952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       507017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       128848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       346369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       982234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       507017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       128848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       346369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        982234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       507017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       128848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       346369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       982234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1839260250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4838788318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6678048568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1839260250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4838788318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6678048568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1839260250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4838788318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6678048568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     31511116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7922900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2828170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42262186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     31511116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7922900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2828170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     42262186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     31511116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7922900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2828170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     42262186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14274.651139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13970.038652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6798.836701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14274.651139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13970.038652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6798.836701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14274.651139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13970.038652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6798.836701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4002                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              225                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.786667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       128848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       329647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       458495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       128848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       329647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       458495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       128848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       329647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       458495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1645092750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4148478396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5793571146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1645092750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4148478396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5793571146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1645092750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4148478396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5793571146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12767.701090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12584.608372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12636.061780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12767.701090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12584.608372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12636.061780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12767.701090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12584.608372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12636.061780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1194215                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1316                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           35                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  141030                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     894755                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      169                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          22                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  57515                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2088970                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1485                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           57                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  198545                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     856400                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      653                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          34                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 857053                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953255662                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7921357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7921357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7380748                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 45896                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     207012                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1022630                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7380748                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        45896                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           10351742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5363285                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               24726                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              25085                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2096070                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1198996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    897074                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              923177922.874727                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              30077739.125273                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.031553                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.968447                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1296149                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               410448      5.18%      5.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5236817     66.10%     71.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8727      0.11%     71.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5162      0.07%     71.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    810      0.01%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1228055     15.50%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 898300     11.34%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                134580      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7922899                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               10412478                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          9668294                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           126557                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             8251745                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                6275895                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            76.055368                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 302998                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7851                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3529660                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     12347                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          141                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  225697                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2155841                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2820                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         143                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  84900                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5685501                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     15167                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          284                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  310597                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     538073                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5955                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         169                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 544028                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        30702821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9319148                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      39738878                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   10412478                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6578893                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     19243837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 412304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                       656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       233877                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       108804                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          445                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2828172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                93139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          29124256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.364460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.368556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                20002999     68.68%     68.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  306830      1.05%     69.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  477568      1.64%     71.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4658363     15.99%     87.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  855343      2.94%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  200502      0.69%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  234860      0.81%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  433547      1.49%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1954244      6.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            29124256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.339138                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.294307                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7666487                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             12991565                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  7744961                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               527663                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                193001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              177358                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                13514                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36364188                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                42851                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                193001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7942048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4601261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       6305683                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  7969678                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2112012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              35538074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                62867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                396006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 59218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               1045972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           23773076                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             44310063                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        44249815                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            56335                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             21846032                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1927044                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            532665                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         63556                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3796199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3529311                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2248768                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           470664                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          333419                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32987424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             681806                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 32666998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            16031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2569271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1151235                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        487594                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29124256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.121642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.623821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17381860     59.68%     59.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2746661      9.43%     69.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1371662      4.71%     73.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            5386342     18.49%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1029310      3.53%     95.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             605779      2.08%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             390861      1.34%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167562      0.58%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              44219      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       29124256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  85214     22.02%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     22.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                179569     46.41%     68.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               122132     31.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2450      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             26477502     81.05%     81.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               21078      0.06%     81.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     81.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20355      0.06%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1225      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3659635     11.20%     92.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2180799      6.68%     99.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            303954      0.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              32666998                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.063974                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     386915                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.011844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          94607462                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         36124516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     32054290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             253736                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            119890                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       117198                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              32915380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 136083                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          205891                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       443704                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1465                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6049                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       180746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         5094                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       200289                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                193001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                3976817                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               219021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           35063617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            53776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3529311                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2248768                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            606766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12977                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               164349                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          6049                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         63932                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135830                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              199762                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             32464526                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3550760                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           202472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1394387                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5714159                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 7350868                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2163399                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.057379                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      32215343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     32171488                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 18756374                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 22505351                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.047835                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.833418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2693673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         194212                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           181849                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28653786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.128143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.870801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18143596     63.32%     63.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2243135      7.83%     71.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187950      4.15%     75.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5112990     17.84%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       566123      1.98%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201198      0.70%     95.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       164794      0.58%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       163684      0.57%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       870316      3.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28653786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            32325567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              32325567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5153629                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3085607                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      68228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   7176692                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    115672                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 30802580                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              241655                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1228058      3.80%      3.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        25528107     78.97%     82.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          20647      0.06%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20076      0.06%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1225      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3153835      9.76%     92.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2069665      6.40%     99.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       303954      0.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         32325567                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               870316                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    62726939                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   70507401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         178497                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1578565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1745106872                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   31099959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     31099959                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.987230                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.987230                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.012935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.012935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                42640475                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               22658201                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    70901                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   71243                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                5010785                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                273099                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2232000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               105000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               48000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5364000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             1863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               58000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               14000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           100878274                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             8843000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            17495500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.254165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1693892917000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.254165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9444962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9444962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3667270812                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   3667270812                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9444962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total      9444962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9444962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total      9444962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54595.156069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54595.156069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 88257.383808                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88257.383808                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54595.156069                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54595.156069                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54595.156069                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54595.156069                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         31008                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4243                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.308037                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17280                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        17280                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5749962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5749962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2768710812                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2768710812                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5749962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5749962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5749962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5749962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.415864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82142.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82142.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 160226.320139                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160226.320139                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82142.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82142.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82142.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82142.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337569                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65419.566617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2487366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.176247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54619.974232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2262.532885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2731.767010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      536.522208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      599.592732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2415.786794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2253.390757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.833435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.034524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.041683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.008187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.009149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.036862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.034384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6067                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 26265257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                26265257                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             499689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             475179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             126551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              83555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             324793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             258988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1768755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          835707                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               835707                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            89325                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            26026                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            71615                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186966                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              499689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              564504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              126551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              109581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              324793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              330603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1955721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             499689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             564504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             126551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             109581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             324793                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             330603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1955721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           240797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data            15641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             4814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            16829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               287685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          73385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          17971                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          24427                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115783                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            314182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             33612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             41256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           314182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            33612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4814                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            41256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    187459250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1164603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    400569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1256121750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3008753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       337497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       337497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        62998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        62998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1363186490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2153546721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3516733211                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    187459250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2527789490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    400569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3409668471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6525486211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    187459250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2527789490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    400569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3409668471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6525486211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         506996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         715976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         128848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          99196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         329607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         275817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2056440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835707                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           835707                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       162710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        43997                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        96042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302749                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          506996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          878686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          128848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          143193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          329607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          371859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2359189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         506996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         878686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         128848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         143193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         329607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         371859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2359189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.336320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.017827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.157678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.061015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.139895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.578947                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.612903                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.181818                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.451017                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.408460                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.254337                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.357559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.017827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.234732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.110945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.357559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.017827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.234732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.110945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81610.470178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74458.346653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83209.181554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74640.308396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10458.498010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30681.545455                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        17763                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        31499                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        31499                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75854.793278                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88162.554591                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30373.484976                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81610.470178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75204.971141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83209.181554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82646.608275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16173.491357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81610.470178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75204.971141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83209.181554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82646.608275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16173.491357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75392                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75392                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        15641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        16829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        17971                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        24427                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         42398                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        41256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            81979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        41256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           81979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2484                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3694                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6178                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    158665250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    968947500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    340372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1046522250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2514507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       347508                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       347508                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        36002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        36002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1138484010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1854617279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2993101289                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    158665250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2107431510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    340372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2901139529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5507608289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    158665250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2107431510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    340372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2901139529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5507608289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    207045500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    309444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    516489500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    276013000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    418496000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    694509000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    483058500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    727940000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1210998500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.578947                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354839                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.408460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.254337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.234732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.110945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.234732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.110945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69074.989116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61949.204015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70704.611550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62185.646800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63528.132185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31591.636364                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31591.636364                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        18001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63351.177453                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75924.889630                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70595.341502                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69074.989116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62698.783470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70704.611550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70320.426823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67183.160187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69074.989116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62698.783470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70704.611550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70320.426823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67183.160187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 187881.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 197980.806142                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 193804.690432                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 199719.971056                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 196384.795870                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 197696.840307                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 194467.995169                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 197060.097455                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 196017.886047                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              295002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            116904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       882256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       916176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1041083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30632256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30677824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                36001472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              157                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            579090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  579090    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              579090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11072500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           412860298                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          438835201                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           17657500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2063715                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2063694                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           835707                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        17293                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              31                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            11                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             42                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302749                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302749                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1930984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3657230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5588214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     61790208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142733184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              204523392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           41934                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3253691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.012828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.112532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                3211953     98.72%     98.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  41738      1.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3253691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1080719000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         689338845                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         790311532                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
