
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007434                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     7434347                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    7434347                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  60462                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 481612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   122.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39396928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39396928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14155776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14155776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       615577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              615577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       221184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             221184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0   5299312502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            5299312502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0   1904104826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1904104826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0   7203417328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           7203417328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      615577                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     221184                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    615577                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   221184                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               38921664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  475264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                14074624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39396928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14155776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7426                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1246                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             76166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             75916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             76401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             76284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             75567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             76286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             75866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             75665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             27493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             27659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             27618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             27743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             27329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             27461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             27226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             27387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                       7434244                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                615577                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               221184                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   31005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   21298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   21020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   21014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   21010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   20998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   20995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   20996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   21008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                   21051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                  21087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                  21106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                  21092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                  21036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                  21043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                  20930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                  20829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                  20806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                  21402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                  23417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                  20537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                  20504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                  20662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                  21143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                  19571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                  18774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                  17341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                  14959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                  11156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                   6941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                   2864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                    556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   4520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  12929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  44516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  21633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  13629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  13641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  13638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  13639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  13642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       217198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    243.992818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.467078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.850896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27585     12.70%     12.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89029     40.99%     53.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57738     26.58%     80.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26133     12.03%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10701      4.93%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4012      1.85%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1375      0.63%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          429      0.20%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          196      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       217198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      45.830432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.164450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              23      0.17%      0.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             33      0.25%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           115      0.87%      1.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          4764     35.90%     37.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          1332     10.04%     47.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           205      1.54%     48.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           710      5.35%     54.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          5419     40.84%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           323      2.43%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            65      0.49%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           134      1.01%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           141      1.06%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         13269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.573668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.530150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.283732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10393     78.33%     78.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              435      3.28%     81.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1077      8.12%     89.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              911      6.87%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              245      1.85%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              113      0.85%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               39      0.29%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               18      0.14%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               19      0.14%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                5      0.04%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                1      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                6      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                3      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::35                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         13269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     69684050                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                81238919                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    3040755                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                       114.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                       5.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                  133.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      5235.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1893.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   5299.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1904.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        55.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    40.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   14.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                      20.94                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   397850                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  213011                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                96.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                          8.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1640640960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                911467200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7583122560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2278088064                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            485166240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           5062396176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             16183800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            17977065000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           2420.131050                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE          130                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        248040                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       7179981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            485166240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            160523856                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4316043600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4961733696                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            667.968979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7180064                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        248040                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                         1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99085                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54827                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55173                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99662                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55209                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99361                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55448                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99249                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55511                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99199                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55584                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99773                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55692                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99764                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55297                       # number of write accesses completed
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       627101                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean      15.998452                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean     15.997188                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.125833                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           8      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.02% |          27      0.00%      0.02% |      626970     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        627101                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              626973                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean            1517.423723                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean           1021.259356                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev           1496.123234                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      474274     75.65%     75.65% |      109211     17.42%     93.06% |       31636      5.05%     98.11% |        9009      1.44%     99.55% |        2159      0.34%     99.89% |         565      0.09%     99.98% |          99      0.02%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                626973                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples             124                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  3                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         124    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total               124                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         626849                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1517.723299                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean      1022.437850                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1496.119562                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      474150     75.64%     75.64% |      109211     17.42%     93.06% |       31636      5.05%     98.11% |        9009      1.44%     99.55% |        2159      0.34%     99.89% |         565      0.09%     99.98% |          99      0.02%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           626849                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits           14                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78032                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78046                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           16                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78449                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           17                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78349                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           19                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78457                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78476                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits           13                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78422                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78435                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits           21                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78272                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78547                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         4590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       622265                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       626855                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock                3                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     5.774438                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76681                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          516                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1695                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2          596                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155996                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78829                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       624256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5521032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       122040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5540688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1247968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       630632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     5.804161                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78433                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76986                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1726                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2          622                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77339                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156756                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5542992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       124272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4976                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5568408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1254048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         7040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     5.796696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78349                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76918                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77247                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156587                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          854                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79180                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5538096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       122112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5561784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1252696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     5.805984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78457                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77073                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          549                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1649                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156836                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79211                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5549256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       118728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5575896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1254688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     5.804017                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78422                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77045                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1621                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77413                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156754                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          211                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79172                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5547240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       116712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5573736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1254032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     5.789597                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78251                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1691                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2          607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77197                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156420                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          814                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79043                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5531112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       121752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5558184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1251360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     5.812424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78547                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77110                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          615                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1646                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2          582                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77518                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          827                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          218                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79295                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5551920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       118512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5581296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1255944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     5.797977                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76937                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1652                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2          614                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77308                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156628                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          804                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79127                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5539464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       118944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5566176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1253024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized    76.920347                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::0       626855                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       615577                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1231146                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4590                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       839603                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1252958                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       442374                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1787                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1248641                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5014840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4924616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     88642512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       330480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60451416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     10023664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3538992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        53504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      9989128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized    30.952174                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::1       615577                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2       615577                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       221184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       442380                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       615562                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4924616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44321544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15925248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3539040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4924496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized    15.425767                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::0       626855                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1       615577                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1231146                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4590                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       839603                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1252958                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       442374                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1797                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1248641                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5014840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4924616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     88642512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       330480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       481536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60451416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     10023664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3538992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        53504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      9989128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3727308                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      3693440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data        13770                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        20064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         8919                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2518809                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      5086014                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        20064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         5381                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      3745926                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     29818464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    265927680                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data       991440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      1444608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        71352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    181354248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     40688112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       160512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        43048                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     29967408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     5.257637                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76681                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          516                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          356                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77998                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5521032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     6.291238                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77998                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78829                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       624256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5540688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       630632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     5.284627                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76986                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78377                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5542992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         7040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     6.323696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78433                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77339                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78379                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        63360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5568408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     5.278507                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76918                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          842                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          377                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78292                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          854                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5538096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     6.314885                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78349                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          854                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77247                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78295                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79180                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5561784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     5.285770                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77073                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          549                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          373                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78418                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5549256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     6.326198                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78457                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78418                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79211                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5575896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     5.283302                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77045                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          365                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78377                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          211                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5547240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     6.324732                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78422                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          211                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77413                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78377                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79172                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5573736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     5.271895                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          877                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          398                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78209                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          814                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5531112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        63144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     6.307299                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78251                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          814                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77197                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78211                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79043                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5558184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     5.291655                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77110                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          615                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          819                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78495                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          827                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          218                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5551920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     6.333192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78547                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          827                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          218                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77518                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78498                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79295                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5581296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     5.280141                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76937                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          361                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78313                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          804                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5539464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     6.315814                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          804                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77308                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78315                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79127                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5566176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization    88.868148                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       626855                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2       615574                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       618419                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       626479                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       633078                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5014840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44321328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44526168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5011832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1769472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5064624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization    64.972546                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1       615577                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       615572                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4590                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       221184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       626479                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221190                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1787                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       615563                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4924616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44321184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       330480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15925248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5011832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1769520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        53504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4924504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization    23.155934                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       615577                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       221184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221190                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       615562                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4924616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15925248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1769520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4924496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization    38.748413                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       615577                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221190                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44321544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1769520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     5.257637                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76681                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          516                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          356                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77998                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5521032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     5.284647                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76986                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78377                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5542992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         7040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     5.278507                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76918                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          842                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2          377                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78292                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          854                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5538096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     5.285770                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77073                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          549                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2          373                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78418                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5549256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     5.283302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77045                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          365                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78377                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          211                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5547240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     5.271895                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76821                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          877                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2          398                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78209                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          814                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5531112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        63144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     5.291655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77110                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          615                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          819                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::2          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78495                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          827                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          218                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5551920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     5.280141                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76937                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2          361                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78313                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          804                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5539464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization    88.868175                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::0       626855                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2       615575                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       618419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       626479                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       633078                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5014840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44321400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44526168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5011832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1769472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5064624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization    23.155941                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::1       615577                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       221184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221190                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       615563                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4924616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15925248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1769520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4924504                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           403830                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean         1515.332397                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean        1017.784662                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev        1496.998768                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      305543     75.66%     75.66% |       70250     17.40%     93.06% |       20367      5.04%     98.10% |        5840      1.45%     99.55% |        1389      0.34%     99.89% |         361      0.09%     99.98% |          65      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             403830                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples           98                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          98    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total             98                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       403732                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1515.699494                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean   1019.225198                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1496.994981                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      305445     75.66%     75.66% |       70250     17.40%     93.06% |       20367      5.04%     98.10% |        5840      1.45%     99.55% |        1389      0.34%     99.89% |         361      0.09%     99.98% |          65      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        403732                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           223143                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean         1521.208472                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean        1027.577825                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev        1494.533357                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |      168731     75.62%     75.62% |       38961     17.46%     93.08% |       11269      5.05%     98.13% |        3169      1.42%     99.55% |         770      0.35%     99.89% |         204      0.09%     99.98% |          34      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             223143                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples           26                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total             26                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       223117                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1521.385390                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean   1028.276933                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1494.530566                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      168705     75.61%     75.61% |       38961     17.46%     93.07% |       11269      5.05%     98.13% |        3169      1.42%     99.55% |         770      0.35%     99.89% |         204      0.09%     99.98% |          34      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        223117                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          221210      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          394374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX          221085      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS          105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock       143614      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock       250750      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       221198      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback       221184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       615577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       221184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX         78802      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS        143619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack       220913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX        142401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS        250755      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack          105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX        221085      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS          105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock       143614      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data       143619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Ack          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock       250750      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data       250755      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       221198      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data       221203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback       221079      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback          105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       50428     12.48%     12.48% |       50682     12.55%     25.03% |       50615     12.53%     37.56% |       50552     12.51%     50.08% |       50377     12.47%     62.55% |       50216     12.43%     74.98% |       50557     12.52%     87.49% |       50520     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       403947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       27645     12.39%     12.39% |       27771     12.44%     24.83% |       27753     12.44%     37.27% |       27971     12.53%     49.80% |       28068     12.58%     62.38% |       28075     12.58%     74.96% |       28004     12.55%     87.50% |       27887     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       223174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     9437024     12.51%     12.51% |     9428542     12.50%     25.01% |     9430070     12.50%     37.51% |     9427922     12.50%     50.01% |     9423979     12.49%     62.50% |     9433022     12.51%     75.01% |     9422446     12.49%     87.50% |     9430776     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     75433781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         160     12.60%     12.60% |         161     12.68%     25.28% |         194     15.28%     40.55% |         145     11.42%     51.97% |         163     12.83%     64.80% |         138     10.87%     75.67% |         160     12.60%     88.27% |         149     11.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |         733     12.79%     12.79% |         762     13.29%     26.08% |         712     12.42%     38.50% |         692     12.07%     50.58% |         706     12.32%     62.89% |         717     12.51%     75.40% |         715     12.47%     87.88% |         695     12.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         5732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         240     13.36%     13.36% |         243     13.52%     26.88% |         208     11.57%     38.45% |         215     11.96%     50.42% |         211     11.74%     62.16% |         209     11.63%     73.79% |         218     12.13%     85.92% |         253     14.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         356     11.97%     11.97% |         379     12.75%     24.72% |         377     12.68%     37.40% |         373     12.55%     49.95% |         365     12.28%     62.23% |         398     13.39%     75.61% |         364     12.24%     87.86% |         361     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       50238     12.49%     12.49% |       50469     12.55%     25.04% |       50418     12.54%     37.57% |       50300     12.51%     50.08% |       50156     12.47%     62.55% |       49994     12.43%     74.98% |       50340     12.52%     87.50% |       50293     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       402208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       27794     12.37%     12.37% |       27962     12.45%     24.82% |       27928     12.43%     37.25% |       28156     12.53%     49.79% |       28263     12.58%     62.37% |       28254     12.58%     74.94% |       28204     12.56%     87.50% |       28080     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       224641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |         665     12.82%     12.82% |         665     12.82%     25.64% |         683     13.16%     38.80% |         624     12.03%     50.83% |         614     11.84%     62.66% |         679     13.09%     75.75% |         631     12.16%     87.91% |         627     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total         5188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       77086     12.44%     12.44% |       77469     12.51%     24.95% |       77398     12.49%     37.44% |       77574     12.52%     49.97% |       77552     12.52%     62.49% |       77313     12.48%     74.97% |       77638     12.53%     87.50% |       77435     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       619465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |         247     13.53%     13.53% |         243     13.31%     26.83% |         211     11.56%     38.39% |         220     12.05%     50.44% |         211     11.56%     61.99% |         217     11.88%     73.88% |         226     12.38%     86.25% |         251     13.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total         1826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       27633     12.38%     12.38% |       27766     12.44%     24.83% |       27743     12.43%     37.26% |       27965     12.53%     49.80% |       28063     12.58%     62.38% |       28062     12.58%     74.95% |       28003     12.55%     87.50% |       27882     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       223117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       27792     12.37%     12.37% |       27962     12.45%     24.82% |       27928     12.43%     37.25% |       28155     12.53%     49.79% |       28263     12.58%     62.37% |       28254     12.58%     74.94% |       28204     12.56%     87.50% |       28079     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total       224637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       50399     12.48%     12.48% |       50665     12.55%     25.03% |       50603     12.53%     37.57% |       50491     12.51%     50.07% |       50359     12.47%     62.54% |       50188     12.43%     74.97% |       50544     12.52%     87.49% |       50494     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       403743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       27633     12.39%     12.39% |       27766     12.45%     24.83% |       27743     12.43%     37.27% |       27964     12.53%     49.80% |       28062     12.58%     62.38% |       28062     12.58%     74.95% |       27999     12.55%     87.50% |       27879     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       223108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          48     11.03%     11.03% |          61     14.02%     25.06% |          58     13.33%     38.39% |          46     10.57%     48.97% |          52     11.95%     60.92% |          51     11.72%     72.64% |          54     12.41%     85.06% |          65     14.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           6     11.76%     11.76% |           6     11.76%     23.53% |           5      9.80%     33.33% |           6     11.76%     45.10% |           6     11.76%     56.86% |          11     21.57%     78.43% |           6     11.76%     90.20% |           5      9.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           3     18.75%     31.25% |           2     12.50%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           4     25.00%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       50228     12.49%     12.49% |       50453     12.55%     25.04% |       50408     12.54%     37.57% |       50291     12.51%     50.08% |       50143     12.47%     62.55% |       49984     12.43%     74.98% |       50328     12.52%     87.50% |       50277     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       402112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |          45     11.94%     11.94% |          60     15.92%     27.85% |          56     14.85%     42.71% |          42     11.14%     53.85% |          40     10.61%     64.46% |          39     10.34%     74.80% |          55     14.59%     89.39% |          40     10.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total          377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           9     12.50%     12.50% |          12     16.67%     29.17% |           6      8.33%     37.50% |           5      6.94%     44.44% |          12     16.67%     61.11% |           8     11.11%     72.22% |           7      9.72%     81.94% |          13     18.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         160     10.53%     10.53% |         195     12.83%     23.36% |         185     12.17%     35.53% |         191     12.57%     48.09% |         199     13.09%     61.18% |         192     12.63%     73.82% |         200     13.16%     86.97% |         198     13.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         1520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |         465     10.98%     10.98% |         530     12.51%     23.49% |         698     16.48%     39.98% |         505     11.92%     51.90% |         529     12.49%     64.39% |         418      9.87%     74.26% |         568     13.41%     87.67% |         522     12.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total         4235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |         161     10.56%     10.56% |         196     12.86%     23.43% |         185     12.14%     35.56% |         191     12.53%     48.10% |         200     13.12%     61.22% |         192     12.60%     73.82% |         201     13.19%     87.01% |         198     12.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           2     15.38%     23.08% |           3     23.08%     46.15% |           3     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2     15.38%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           4     36.36%     54.55% |           3     27.27%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       27592     12.39%     12.39% |       27718     12.44%     24.83% |       27691     12.43%     37.26% |       27923     12.54%     49.80% |       28023     12.58%     62.38% |       28019     12.58%     74.96% |       27957     12.55%     87.51% |       27829     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       222752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |          12      9.92%      9.92% |          20     16.53%     26.45% |          26     21.49%     47.93% |          11      9.09%     57.02% |          13     10.74%     67.77% |           8      6.61%     74.38% |          16     13.22%     87.60% |          15     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |          26     10.92%     10.92% |          28     11.76%     22.69% |          26     10.92%     33.61% |          30     12.61%     46.22% |          26     10.92%     57.14% |          35     14.71%     71.85% |          30     12.61%     84.45% |          37     15.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total          238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           3      8.82%      8.82% |           5     14.71%     23.53% |           3      8.82%     32.35% |           6     17.65%     50.00% |           3      8.82%     58.82% |           6     17.65%     76.47% |           5     14.71%     91.18% |           3      8.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           3     20.00%     33.33% |           2     13.33%     46.67% |           1      6.67%     53.33% |           3     20.00%     73.33% |           1      6.67%     80.00% |           1      6.67%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |      613663     12.48%     12.48% |      608323     12.37%     24.85% |      616946     12.54%     37.39% |      613237     12.47%     49.86% |      617680     12.56%     62.42% |      618886     12.58%     75.01% |      616731     12.54%     87.55% |      612440     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total      4917906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |          15     16.67%     16.67% |           9     10.00%     26.67% |          17     18.89%     45.56% |           3      3.33%     48.89% |           8      8.89%     57.78% |          13     14.44%     72.22% |          18     20.00%     92.22% |           7      7.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           90                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          18      8.18%      8.18% |          34     15.45%     23.64% |          35     15.91%     39.55% |          19      8.64%     48.18% |          25     11.36%     59.55% |          28     12.73%     72.27% |          28     12.73%     85.00% |          33     15.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       27631     12.38%     12.38% |       27766     12.44%     24.83% |       27743     12.43%     37.26% |       27964     12.53%     49.80% |       28063     12.58%     62.38% |       28062     12.58%     74.95% |       28003     12.55%     87.50% |       27881     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       223113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |     3100083     12.39%     12.39% |     3100594     12.39%     24.78% |     3114295     12.44%     37.22% |     3131272     12.51%     49.73% |     3172501     12.68%     62.41% |     3140503     12.55%     74.95% |     3129364     12.50%     87.46% |     3139161     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total     25027773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |         130     11.00%     11.00% |         152     12.86%     23.86% |         136     11.51%     35.36% |         148     12.52%     47.88% |         143     12.10%     59.98% |         166     14.04%     74.03% |         155     13.11%     87.14% |         152     12.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         1182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       27633     12.39%     12.39% |       27764     12.44%     24.83% |       27740     12.43%     37.26% |       27963     12.53%     49.80% |       28062     12.58%     62.38% |       28061     12.58%     74.95% |       27999     12.55%     87.50% |       27879     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       223101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         577     21.47%     21.47% |         301     11.20%     32.66% |         296     11.01%     43.68% |         399     14.84%     58.52% |           0      0.00%     58.52% |         838     31.18%     89.69% |         277     10.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement::total         2688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           3     18.75%     31.25% |           2     12.50%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           4     25.00%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement |       21719     12.56%     12.56% |       21417     12.39%     24.95% |       21539     12.46%     37.42% |       21504     12.44%     49.86% |       22297     12.90%     62.76% |       21631     12.51%     75.27% |       21846     12.64%     87.91% |       20903     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement::total       172856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         226     12.62%     12.62% |         227     12.67%     25.29% |         241     13.46%     38.75% |         225     12.56%     51.31% |         222     12.40%     63.71% |         232     12.95%     76.66% |         209     11.67%     88.33% |         209     11.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       27633     12.38%     12.38% |       27766     12.44%     24.83% |       27743     12.43%     37.26% |       27965     12.53%     49.80% |       28063     12.58%     62.38% |       28062     12.58%     74.95% |       28003     12.55%     87.50% |       27882     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       223117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |     5623066     12.58%     12.58% |     5618674     12.57%     25.16% |     5597949     12.53%     37.69% |     5582657     12.49%     50.18% |     5532156     12.38%     62.56% |     5573338     12.47%     75.04% |     5574560     12.48%     87.51% |     5579104     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total     44681504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       50238     12.49%     12.49% |       50469     12.55%     25.04% |       50418     12.54%     37.57% |       50300     12.51%     50.08% |       50156     12.47%     62.55% |       49994     12.43%     74.98% |       50340     12.52%     87.50% |       50293     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       402208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |         161     10.56%     10.56% |         196     12.86%     23.43% |         185     12.14%     35.56% |         191     12.53%     48.10% |         200     13.12%     61.22% |         192     12.60%     73.82% |         201     13.19%     87.01% |         198     12.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |          17     18.09%     18.09% |           2      2.13%     20.21% |           1      1.06%     21.28% |          46     48.94%     70.21% |           3      3.19%     73.40% |           8      8.51%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |          16     17.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |          10     62.50%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS |         393     13.54%     13.54% |         384     13.23%     26.77% |         337     11.61%     38.39% |         357     12.30%     50.69% |         382     13.16%     63.85% |         357     12.30%     76.15% |         346     11.92%     88.08% |         346     11.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS::total         2902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv    |         231     13.39%     13.39% |         231     13.39%     26.78% |         202     11.71%     38.49% |         210     12.17%     50.67% |         199     11.54%     62.20% |         201     11.65%     73.86% |         211     12.23%     86.09% |         240     13.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv::total         1725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |         663     12.81%     12.81% |         663     12.81%     25.61% |         681     13.15%     38.77% |         621     12.00%     50.76% |         614     11.86%     62.62% |         678     13.10%     75.72% |         630     12.17%     87.89% |         627     12.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total         5177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       49334     12.48%     12.48% |       49558     12.54%     25.02% |       49523     12.53%     37.55% |       49460     12.52%     50.07% |       49330     12.48%     62.55% |       49103     12.42%     74.98% |       49485     12.52%     87.50% |       49409     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       395202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           3     42.86%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         250     12.60%     12.60% |         256     12.90%     25.50% |         257     12.95%     38.46% |         243     12.25%     50.71% |         233     11.74%     62.45% |         254     12.80%     75.25% |         253     12.75%     88.00% |         238     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack |          18     16.82%     16.82% |          13     12.15%     28.97% |          11     10.28%     39.25% |          13     12.15%     51.40% |          12     11.21%     62.62% |          16     14.95%     77.57% |          13     12.15%     89.72% |          11     10.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack::total          107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           2     18.18%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           6     54.55%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           7     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |         131     12.51%     12.51% |         131     12.51%     25.02% |         150     14.33%     39.35% |         130     12.42%     51.77% |         139     13.28%     65.04% |         116     11.08%     76.12% |         123     11.75%     87.87% |         127     12.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total         1047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS |         251     12.63%     12.63% |         256     12.88%     25.50% |         258     12.98%     38.48% |         244     12.27%     50.75% |         233     11.72%     62.47% |         255     12.83%     75.30% |         253     12.73%     88.03% |         238     11.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS::total         1988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       27370     12.37%     12.37% |       27525     12.44%     24.81% |       27467     12.42%     37.23% |       27740     12.54%     49.77% |       27850     12.59%     62.36% |       27840     12.58%     74.94% |       27780     12.56%     87.50% |       27661     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       221233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           2     18.18%     36.36% |           2     18.18%     54.55% |           3     27.27%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |         132     12.62%     12.62% |         130     12.43%     25.05% |         151     14.44%     39.48% |         131     12.52%     52.01% |         139     13.29%     65.30% |         116     11.09%     76.39% |         120     11.47%     87.86% |         127     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |         229     13.32%     13.32% |         230     13.38%     26.70% |         200     11.63%     38.34% |         207     12.04%     50.38% |         199     11.58%     61.95% |         201     11.69%     73.65% |         213     12.39%     86.04% |         240     13.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total         1719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         504171      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         275912      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            107      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         259606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only       476434      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          25911      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        221202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data            615574      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       395202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       223217      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       221184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         408438      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       224639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       691372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       394374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       218066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         3279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         1785      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       391942      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         3260      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         2226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX       222279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTS         1711      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          107      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTX          107      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTX         1877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only          108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS         2539      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         1344      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       391315      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only         1766      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement          105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only         3262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         2529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         1286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX          733      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_PUTX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       221085      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTX         1506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          107      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock          108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETS           63      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETX           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTX           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only         4580      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS           40      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA         1877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS          181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L2_Replacement          216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETS          182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETX           38      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS        12129      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         3260      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETS        17001      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETX         8674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       391942      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETX           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock         3262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L2_Replacement        23310      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETS           53      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETX           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock         1766      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L2_Replacement         9523      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L2_Replacement           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS         5974      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX         3491      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTX         1648      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTS           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       221233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.Unblock         1046      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS          334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETX          125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS_only        28471      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS          247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         3279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTX            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTS_only           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX          102      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX        31904      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTS          233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         1988      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         1410      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTX           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS_only           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_PUTX           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_PUTS_only           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS        48391      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETX        25584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_PUTS         7638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        394372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       394365      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETS        21742      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETX        11283      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        219409      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETS          259      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETX          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS_only        29748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS          186      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         1793      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETS         5594      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETX         2911      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTX          103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS_only        16081      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS          139      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       221202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       221200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock          733      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS           42      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock         2539      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement        31218      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETX            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock         1286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L2_Replacement        11948      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only           44      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L2_Replacement           93      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETS          522      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETX          392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       221079      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.L1_PUTS_only          326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack          105      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
