
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.118729                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                118729316500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               118729316500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1507080                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1507080                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1946992285                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 297820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    60.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91903056                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91903056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            167744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               304960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       167744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          167744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               2144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1412827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1155704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2568532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1412827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1412827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1412827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1155704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2568532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     19996198                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         10                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 19996208                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6501103                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        23                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 6501126                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     26497301                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         33                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 26497334                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    91903090                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        47                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                91903137                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  389                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        237458633                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91903056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91903056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              79581109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                6862064                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2059216                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7465012                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     79581109                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       6862064                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           115028592                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           62575473                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6071661                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             5851888                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      26497334                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    19996208                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6501126                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  237458633                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          10240685                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               7723353      8.40%      8.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  51001454     55.49%     63.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   458252      0.50%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2732553      2.97%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                  104605      0.11%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                 2333953      2.54%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                 296445      0.32%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                  754822      0.82%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                    318      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 19996208     21.76%     92.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6501126      7.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91903089                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements               157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1442.043377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            26495078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              2223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          11918.613585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1442.043377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.352061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.352061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2066                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.504395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          52996825                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         52996825                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     19995723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        19995723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6499355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6499355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26495078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26495078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26495078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26495078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           2223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          2223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     23899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     95048000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     95048000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    118947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    118947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    118947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    118947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     19996198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19996198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26497301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26497301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26497301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26497301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000269                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000269                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50313.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50313.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54375.286041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54375.286041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53507.422402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53507.422402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53507.422402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53507.422402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     23186500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23186500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     92426000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92426000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    115612500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115612500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    115612500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115612500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48813.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48813.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52875.286041                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52875.286041                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52007.422402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52007.422402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52007.422402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52007.422402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1418.052759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            91894580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10798.423032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1418.052759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.692409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.692409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          585                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.893066                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         183814690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        183814690                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     91894580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        91894580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      91894580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         91894580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     91894580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        91894580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         8510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    220712500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220712500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    220712500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    220712500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    220712500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    220712500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91903090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91903090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91903090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91903090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91903090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91903090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25935.663925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25935.663925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25935.663925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25935.663925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25935.663925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25935.663925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207947500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207947500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207947500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207947500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207947500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207947500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24435.663925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24435.663925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24435.663925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24435.663925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24435.663925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24435.663925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         2074.070538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs               5956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             3109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.915729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    17.795177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1705.017985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   351.257376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.052033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.010720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.063296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          703                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.094879                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            91577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           91577                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           5942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          107                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         5889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            5968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           5968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          4765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         4765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    137603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     22155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     90405000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     90405000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    137603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    112560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    250163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    137603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    112560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    250163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         8510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         1748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         8510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        10733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         8510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        10733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.307991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.338676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.985126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.307991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.443958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.307991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.443958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52500.190767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.164312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52500.190767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.104932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52500.190767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.104932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    106150500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     17091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123241500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     69741000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69741000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    106150500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     86832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192982500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    106150500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     86832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192982500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.307991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.307991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.307991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           8985                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          8985                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          107                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1748                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1748                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        17020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         4553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total             21573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       544640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       149120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total             693760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples        10840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1              10840    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total          10840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        5527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      12765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       3334500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port         9530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       304960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  304960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4765                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4765    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4765                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             4765500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
