
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.122213                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5122212682000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5122212682000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 178126                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   352092                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2236626113                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2290.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   407934867                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     806343968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1047104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10801152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11881280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1047104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1047104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9569088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9569088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              16361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             168768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                185645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          149517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               149517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               204424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2108689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2319560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          204424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             204424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1868155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1868155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1868155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              204424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2108689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4187715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        185645                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       196237                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      185645                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     196237                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 11872960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      8320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  10880320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  11881280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               12559168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   26214                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           1708                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               11253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               11972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               11655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               11971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               11254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               11364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               11445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               11672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              11062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              11423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              12308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              12737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              11748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              11789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               11864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               10686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               10651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                9860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               10294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               10368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                9733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                9712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                9632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               10471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              10725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              10392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              11457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              11384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              11667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          85                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5122212630000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  185645                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 196237                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    171240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     11542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     8781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     9622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    10480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     8737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     8045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                     1264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     1705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     2725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     2849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     2539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     2444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     3285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     2479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     2385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     2208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     2459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     2080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     1741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     1599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                     1189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                      152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                      120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                      200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        73901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      307.887796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     180.352303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     329.737558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          28243     38.22%     38.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17330     23.45%     61.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7468     10.11%     71.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4217      5.71%     77.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3016      4.08%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1973      2.67%     84.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1390      1.88%     86.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1267      1.71%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8997     12.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          73901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        27.329258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      584.024068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           6787     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        25.044932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.591825                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       43.260290                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-31            6382     94.02%     94.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-47              87      1.28%     95.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-63               9      0.13%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-79               9      0.13%     95.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-95              22      0.32%     95.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-111             15      0.22%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-127            29      0.43%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-143            26      0.38%     96.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-159            35      0.52%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-175             9      0.13%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-191            41      0.60%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-207            54      0.80%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-223             7      0.10%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-239             6      0.09%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-271             1      0.01%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-287             4      0.06%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::288-303             2      0.03%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::304-319             4      0.06%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::320-335             3      0.04%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::336-351             5      0.07%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::352-367            19      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::368-383             6      0.09%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::384-399             1      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::400-415             1      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::464-479             1      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::480-495             1      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::496-511             3      0.04%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::512-527             1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::544-559             1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::560-575             4      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2015945224                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5494351474                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    927575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10866.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29616.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        22.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     152167                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    129451                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  76.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     13413076.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  269256960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  146916000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 712374000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                538928640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           334557721680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           129214187775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           2959979121750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             3425418506805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              668.738637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4924130039468                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    171041780000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     27040752032                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  289434600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  157925625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 734635200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                562703760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           334557721680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           129751534755                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           2959507764750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             3425561720370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.766596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4923333713433                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    171041780000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     27832687817                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                86818912                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          86818912                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            895085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             80098723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                78142837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.558156                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1551403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             180089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.numCycles                        449999443                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           27536923                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      428761982                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    86818912                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           79694240                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     418469892                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1877186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                     142405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                58257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        203994                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          110                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          541                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   9116293                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                453128                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                    4723                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          447350715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.891249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.050769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                282061925     63.05%     63.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  2147503      0.48%     63.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 72168287     16.13%     79.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1568006      0.35%     80.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2127596      0.48%     80.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  2318806      0.52%     81.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1512611      0.34%     81.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1884650      0.42%     81.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 81561331     18.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            447350715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.192931                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.952806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 22908567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             265367852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 150702709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               7432994                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 938593                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              837990299                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 938593                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 25758226                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               223276953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       12890661                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 154592541                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              29893741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              834466404                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                451836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               12178537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 145180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               14794285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           996780528                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1812316725                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       1114082490                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               470                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             964296204                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 32484322                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts             461178                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         464876                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  38644871                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             17242919                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            10123129                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1280249                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1072002                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  828945592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             1192163                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 823760090                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            244912                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        23793782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35793426                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         146866                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     447350715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.841419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.417821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           263279849     58.85%     58.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            13891965      3.11%     61.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             9851915      2.20%     64.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             7048956      1.58%     65.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            74303394     16.61%     82.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             4391366      0.98%     83.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            72807233     16.28%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1204673      0.27%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              571364      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       447350715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1986394     72.18%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 608344     22.10%     94.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                157420      5.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            285236      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             795541833     96.57%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               150365      0.02%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                127447      0.02%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 108      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             18320687      2.22%     98.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             9334414      1.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              823760090                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.830580                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     2752158                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.003341                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2097867450                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         853943468                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    819213197                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 514                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                630                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          182                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              826226763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     249                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1860072                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3252614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        14803                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14318                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1702580                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2208153                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         72229                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 938593                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               204923881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              10223668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           830137755                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            158534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              17242919                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             10123129                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             698460                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 397050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               8973453                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          14318                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         514177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       531213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1045390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             822137992                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              17928402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1491599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     27038601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 83256358                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    9110199                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.826976                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      821634339                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     819213379                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 640695638                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1049922326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.820476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.610231                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        23667492                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1045297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            906773                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    443789392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.816952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.674122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    272960111     61.51%     61.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11180384      2.52%     64.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3592831      0.81%     64.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     74586039     16.81%     81.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2426818      0.55%     82.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1631046      0.37%     82.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       941888      0.21%     82.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     71056225     16.01%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5414050      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    443789392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            407934867                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              806343968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       22410853                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      13990304                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      471837                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   82192569                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                         48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 735158454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1155650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       171552      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        783497766     97.17%     97.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          144918      0.02%     97.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           121442      0.02%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             16      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        13987725      1.73%     98.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        8420549      1.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         806343968                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               5414050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1268308634                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  1663603607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          289860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         2648728                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   9794423343                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                   407934867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     806343968                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.103116                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.103116                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.906523                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.906523                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1091825743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               655727641                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       182                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 416065488                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                321934300                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               265346710                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                 399949                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1659310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.993990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19061899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1659822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.484303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          41264250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.993990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          88087332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         88087332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     10917280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        10917280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8077307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8077307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data        64579                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         64579                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      18994587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         18994587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     19059166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19059166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1807757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1807757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       333541                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       333541                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data       406408                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406408                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2141298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2141298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2547706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2547706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  27202744445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27202744445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  13955718277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13955718277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  41158462722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41158462722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  41158462722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41158462722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     12725037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12725037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8410848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8410848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data       470987                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       470987                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     21135885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21135885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     21606872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21606872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.862886                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.862886                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15047.788196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15047.788196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41841.087833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41841.087833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19221.267998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19221.267998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16155.106877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16155.106877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       414660                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             43514                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.529347                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1560749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1560749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       839489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       839489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        42702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        42702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       882191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       882191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       882191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       882191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       968268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       968268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       290839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       290839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       402958                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       402958                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1259107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1259107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1662065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1662065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data       604701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       604701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        13919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        13919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data       618620                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       618620                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12834468768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12834468768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12344104823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12344104823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5960784250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5960784250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25178573591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25178573591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31139357841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31139357841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  97454292000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  97454292000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2593348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2593348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 100047640000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 100047640000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.855561                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855561                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13255.078933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13255.078933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42443.086460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42443.086460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14792.569573                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14792.569573                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19997.167509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19997.167509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18735.342987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18735.342987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 161161.122604                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 161161.122604                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 186317.120483                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 186317.120483                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 161727.134590                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 161727.134590                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        77765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    13.263782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs       104942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        77779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.349233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5097981011500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    13.263782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.828986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.828986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       446439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       446439                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       104946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       104946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       104946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       104946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       104946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       104946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        78849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        78849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        78849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        78849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        78849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        78849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    941548961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    941548961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    941548961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    941548961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    941548961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    941548961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       183795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       183795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       183795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       183795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       183795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       183795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.429005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.429005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.429005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.429005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.429005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.429005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11941.165532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11941.165532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11941.165532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11941.165532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11941.165532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11941.165532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        22745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        22745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        78849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        78849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        78849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    823159683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    823159683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    823159683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    823159683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    823159683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    823159683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.429005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.429005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.429005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 10439.697181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10439.697181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 10439.697181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10439.697181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 10439.697181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10439.697181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            996925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.357790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             8050243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            997437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              8.070929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      148006664250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   509.357790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.994839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          10113779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         10113779                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      8050243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         8050243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       8050243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          8050243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      8050243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         8050243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1066046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1066046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1066046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1066046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1066046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1066046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14875004411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14875004411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14875004411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14875004411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14875004411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14875004411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      9116289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9116289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9116289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9116289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9116289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9116289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.116939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.116939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.116939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.116939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.116939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.116939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13953.435791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13953.435791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13953.435791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13953.435791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13953.435791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13953.435791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               341                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.900293                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        68556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        68556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        68556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        68556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        68556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        68556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       997490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       997490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       997490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       997490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       997490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       997490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12688553873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12688553873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12688553873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12688553873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12688553873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12688553873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.109418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.109418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.109418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12720.482284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12720.482284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12720.482284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12720.482284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12720.482284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12720.482284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        13512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     6.614352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        26763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        13525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.978780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5101180103500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     6.614352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.413397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.413397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses        96721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses        96721                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        26775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        26775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        26777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        26777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        26777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        26777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        14389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        14389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        14389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    168738994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168738994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    168738994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    168738994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    168738994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    168738994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        41164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        41166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        41166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        41166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        41166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.349553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.349553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.349536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.349536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.349536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.349536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11726.943776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11726.943776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11726.943776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11726.943776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11726.943776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11726.943776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    147144512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147144512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    147144512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147144512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    147144512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147144512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.349553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.349536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.349536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 10226.180555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10226.180555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 10226.180555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10226.180555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 10226.180555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10226.180555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           112729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        64831.922119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3833002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           176853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            21.673378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 50534.450143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    14.577905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.126849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3105.817202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 11175.950019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.771095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.047391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.170531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52712                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978455                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         35081373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        35081373                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        68578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       981027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1334830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        2396575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      1586560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      1586560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          310                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total          310                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       154702                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       154702                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        68578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       981027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1489532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2551277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        68578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       981027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1489532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2551277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        16363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        35684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        52120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         1439                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1439                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       134046                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       134046                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       169730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        186166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       169730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       186166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      6097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       666500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1366410532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3072121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4445295032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     22717321                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     22717321                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10374564266                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10374564266                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      6097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       666500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1366410532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13446685266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14819859298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      6097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       666500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1366410532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13446685266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14819859298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        68644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       997390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1370514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2448695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1586560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      1586560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1749                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1749                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       288748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       288748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        68644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       997390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1659262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2737443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        68644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       997390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1659262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2737443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.822756                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.822756                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.464232                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.464232                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 92378.787879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 95214.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83506.113304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86092.394350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85289.620721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15786.880473                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15786.880473                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77395.552765                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77395.552765                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 92378.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 95214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83506.113304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79223.974937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79605.617019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 92378.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 95214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83506.113304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79223.974937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79605.617019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       102850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           102850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        35683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1439                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1439                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       134046                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       134046                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       169729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       186163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       169729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       186163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data       604701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       604701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        13919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        13919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data       618620                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       618620                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      5264500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1161518218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2626180250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3793540968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     26446420                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26446420                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8698623734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8698623734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      5264500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1161518218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11324803984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12492164702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      5264500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       578000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1161518218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11324803984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12492164702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  88988446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  88988446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2411352000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2411352000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  91399798000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  91399798000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.822756                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.822756                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.464232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 79765.151515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 82571.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70993.106656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73597.518426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72788.935817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18378.332175                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18378.332175                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64892.825851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64892.825851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 79765.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 82571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70993.106656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66722.858109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67103.370176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 79765.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 82571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70993.106656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66722.858109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67103.370176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 147161.069686                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 147161.069686                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 173241.755873                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 173241.755873                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 147747.887233                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 147747.887233                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        3067430                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       3066889                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         13919                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        13919                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      1586560                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        46781                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2230                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2230                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       288754                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       288754                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::MessageReq         1643                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1994880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      6121448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        29602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       170238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           8316168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     63832960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    207882816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       973632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      5848896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          278538304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                       63315                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      5007317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        3.009852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.098766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3            4957986     99.01%     99.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4              49331      0.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        5007317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4072528967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1500637871                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3138590336                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      21588991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     118331389                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               223899                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              223899                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57753                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              11033                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1643                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1643                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       423734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       468050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  566590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           39                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       211867                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       240311                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3274683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              3915016                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              8889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy               122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               891000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                70000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                50000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            211868000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy             1014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy              170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy            20815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy           257302678                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           457017000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            50364257                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47572                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.078977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         4993305876000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.078977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.004936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428643                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              907                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    142095944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142095944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8602345477                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   8602345477                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    142095944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    142095944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    142095944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    142095944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156665.869901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156665.869901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 184125.545313                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184125.545313                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156665.869901                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156665.869901                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156665.869901                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156665.869901                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         29724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4480                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.634821                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     94520448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94520448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6172895487                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6172895487                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     94520448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94520448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     94520448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94520448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 104212.180816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104212.180816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132125.331485                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132125.331485                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 104212.180816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104212.180816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 104212.180816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104212.180816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              657725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             657721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            149517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            133760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           133758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         3286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       468050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio       769190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       477841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1715089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       141457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       141457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1859832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         6572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       240311                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio      1538377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     18435328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     20214016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      6005120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      6005120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                26225708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             1635                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1005577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.001634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.040388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1003934     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                    1643      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1005577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           357821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           388531000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3286000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          1203162900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            1643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2211768878                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           51465743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
