
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000017                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    16524500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   16524500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 396950                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   396157                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2535599202                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 290048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        2577                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          2577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             10432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                15680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        10432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           10432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            631305032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            317589034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               948894066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       631305032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          631305032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           631305032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           317589034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              948894066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                          415                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          4                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                      419                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                         294                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                     298                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                          709                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          8                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                      717                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                        2586                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        11                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                    2597                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    4                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            33049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        2577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          2577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  2375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      6                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         140                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          238                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         2375                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             6                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                2998                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               1768                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    6                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                           717                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                         419                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        298                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                      33049                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                               396                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   189      7.31%      7.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                      1678     64.91%     72.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        1      0.04%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                      419     16.21%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                     298     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                       2585                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            47.433873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                 627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                82                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.646341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    47.433873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.011581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.011581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.020020                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              1500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             1500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data           627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total              627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data          627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total             627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total             82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total            82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3025000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3025000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      1485000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1485000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      4510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      4510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.091837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.115656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.115656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.115656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.115656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2942500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2942500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1444500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1444500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.132530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091837                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091837                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.115656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.115656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            80.042941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                2423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             14.865031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    80.042941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.039083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.039083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.079590                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses              5335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses             5335                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         2423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            2423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          2423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             2423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         2423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            2423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst      8965500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8965500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      8965500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8965500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst      8965500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8965500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         2586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         2586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         2586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         2586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.063032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.063032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.063032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55003.067485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55003.067485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55003.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55003.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55003.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55003.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      8721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      8721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      8721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.063032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.063032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.063032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53503.067485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53503.067485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53503.067485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53503.067485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53503.067485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53503.067485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          107.153052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    80.161341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    26.991711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.006653                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             2205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            2205                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst      8558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2887500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11445500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      1417500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1417500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      8558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      4305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     12863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst      8558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      4305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     12863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data           82                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52503.067485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52502.293578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52503.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52502.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52503.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52502.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      6601500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2227500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1093500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1093500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      6601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9922500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      6601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9922500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            218                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           218                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           27                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        10432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         5248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              15680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                245    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         122500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        244500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        123000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                27                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               27                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        15680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   15680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     245    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              245500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1225500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
